[
"video_id": "9AmhzbXuZvE",
"full_text": "Kind: captions Language: en All right, All right, All right, it's Wednesday night. Hopefully you guys it's Wednesday night. Hopefully you guys it's Wednesday night. Hopefully you guys are having a good week. are having a good week. are having a good week. Lots of fun stuff happening on out there Lots of fun stuff happening on out there Lots of fun stuff happening on out there in the market. Well, it's kind of red, in the market. Well, it's kind of red, in the market. Well, it's kind of red, so you know, that part's not fun, but uh so you know, that part's not fun, but uh so you know, that part's not fun, but uh we got a lot of talk lot to talk about we got a lot of talk lot to talk about we got a lot of talk lot to talk about tonight. Um different things shaking, tonight. Um different things shaking, tonight. Um different things shaking, moving. Um, so we'll jump into that, you moving. Um, so we'll jump into that, you moving. Um, so we'll jump into that, you know, uh, talk about the macro, about know, uh, talk about the macro, about know, uh, talk about the macro, about regulations, where that's at. Uh, and regulations, where that's at. Uh, and regulations, where that's at. Uh, and all of the other, um, things that are, all of the other, um, things that are, all of the other, um, things that are, you know, impacting your potential you know, impacting your potential you know, impacting your potential investments in your portfolio when it investments in your portfolio when it investments in your portfolio when it comes to crypto. Uh, happy to jump into comes to crypto. Uh, happy to jump into comes to crypto. Uh, happy to jump into tax, estate planning, all the other fun tax, estate planning, all the other fun tax, estate planning, all the other fun stuff that we do at Digital Ascension stuff that we do at Digital Ascension stuff that we do at Digital Ascension Group. And I'll just go ahead and start Group. And I'll just go ahead and start Group. And I'll just go ahead and start with my disclaimer because it came to my with my disclaimer because it came to my with my disclaimer because it came to my mind. Uh, everything here is for mind. Uh, everything here is for mind. Uh, everything here is for entertainment educational purposes. Um, entertainment educational purposes. Um, entertainment educational purposes. Um, nothing should be considered financial nothing should be considered financial nothing should be considered financial advice. You should always seek counsel advice. You should always seek counsel advice. You should always seek counsel from a financial adviser before making from a financial adviser before making from a financial adviser before making any investment decisions. If you need a any investment decisions. If you need a any investment decisions. If you need a licensed financial adviser, you can licensed financial adviser, you can licensed financial adviser, you can always work with Digital Ascension always work with Digital Ascension always work with Digital Ascension Group. Uh, we have people that are Group. Uh, we have people that are Group. Uh, we have people that are licensed with 65, 63, 7, 66. I think we licensed with 65, 63, 7, 66. I think we licensed with 65, 63, 7, 66. I think we have a 24 and a three also. So, lots of have a 24 and a three also. So, lots of have a 24 and a three also. So, lots of licenses over there on that side of the licenses over there on that side of the licenses over there on that side of the business. And um, you know, any of the business. And um, you know, any of the business. And um, you know, any of the things that I share are my opinions. things that I share are my opinions. things that I share are my opinions. They are not the opinions of Digital They are not the opinions of Digital They are not the opinions of Digital Ascension Group or any of its Ascension Group or any of its Ascension Group or any of its subsidiaries. So, now that that's out subsidiaries. So, now that that's out subsidiaries. So, now that that's out the way, uh we can jump into all the fun the way, uh we can jump into all the fun the way, uh we can jump into all the fun stuff when it comes to the macro and stuff when it comes to the macro and stuff when it comes to the macro and everything else. Um really haven't had a everything else. Um really haven't had a everything else. Um really haven't had a ton of time to go out on Twitter today, ton of time to go out on Twitter today, ton of time to go out on Twitter today, uh and see everything that's going on uh and see everything that's going on uh and see everything that's going on out there. I don't think that there was out there. I don't think that there was out there. I don't think that there was anything huge huge that happened in the anything huge huge that happened in the anything huge huge that happened in the market. Um we have seen some liquidity market. Um we have seen some liquidity market. Um we have seen some liquidity providers partner with Ripple here providers partner with Ripple here providers partner with Ripple here recently, which is a good deal. Um they recently, which is a good deal. Um they recently, which is a good deal. Um they had another one I think come out today had another one I think come out today had another one I think come out today uh earlier in the week, you know, 200 uh earlier in the week, you know, 200 uh earlier in the week, you know, 200 million being put with them to be able million being put with them to be able million being put with them to be able to provide liquidity across margin to provide liquidity across margin to provide liquidity across margin assets over there at Ripple Prime. Um I assets over there at Ripple Prime. Um I assets over there at Ripple Prime. Um I believe that that was another 200 believe that that was another 200 believe that that was another 200 million that was placed with him today. million that was placed with him today. million that was placed with him today. Uh you got the Jack McDonald uh he was Uh you got the Jack McDonald uh he was Uh you got the Jack McDonald uh he was on a podcast here recently with Rachel on a podcast here recently with Rachel on a podcast here recently with Rachel Wolfson. If you guys haven't shot, you Wolfson. If you guys haven't shot, you Wolfson. If you guys haven't shot, you know, checked that out, I would know, checked that out, I would know, checked that out, I would encourage you to go do so. Uh Rachel encourage you to go do so. Uh Rachel encourage you to go do so. Uh Rachel puts out on awesome content. Uh shout puts out on awesome content. Uh shout puts out on awesome content. Uh shout out to her. Uh she was nice enough to out to her. Uh she was nice enough to out to her. Uh she was nice enough to invite me to a polo event uh in Miami invite me to a polo event uh in Miami invite me to a polo event uh in Miami while I was still there, but while I was still there, but while I was still there, but unfortunately wasn't able to attend. Um unfortunately wasn't able to attend. Um unfortunately wasn't able to attend. Um she's at all the conferences. I actually she's at all the conferences. I actually she's at all the conferences. I actually ran into Eleanor Terret the other day, ran into Eleanor Terret the other day, ran into Eleanor Terret the other day, too. She was up there uh or out there in too. She was up there uh or out there in too. She was up there uh or out there in Bermuda. Uh didn't get to talk. She said Bermuda. Uh didn't get to talk. She said Bermuda. Uh didn't get to talk. She said hi as she passed by. So before she hi as she passed by. So before she hi as she passed by. So before she moderated that panel. Um but a shout out moderated that panel. Um but a shout out moderated that panel. Um but a shout out to both of them. Haven't What you doing? to both of them. Haven't What you doing? to both of them. Haven't What you doing? &gt;&gt; Oh, it's fine. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's fine. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's fine. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Also, that's the team. &gt;&gt; Also, that's the team. &gt;&gt; Also, that's the team. And you have two miss super chats and And you have two miss super chats and And you have two miss super chats and unfortunately it's in stuff. So &gt;&gt; my wife's making sure we're staying on &gt;&gt; my wife's making sure we're staying on &gt;&gt; my wife's making sure we're staying on track here, track here, track here, &gt;&gt; messing stuff up, &gt;&gt; messing stuff up, &gt;&gt; messing stuff up, &gt;&gt; keeping keeping up with the super chats. &gt;&gt; keeping keeping up with the super chats. &gt;&gt; keeping keeping up with the super chats. Um we'll we'll make sure that we get Um we'll we'll make sure that we get Um we'll we'll make sure that we get both of those. Uh shout out to uh the both of those. Uh shout out to uh the both of those. Uh shout out to uh the gentleman that you know helped us out gentleman that you know helped us out gentleman that you know helped us out with the tea. Um with the tea. Um with the tea. Um &gt;&gt; Mr. Dapper. &gt;&gt; Mr. Dapper. &gt;&gt; Mr. Dapper. &gt;&gt; Mr. Dapper on the tea. This is the tea &gt;&gt; Mr. Dapper on the tea. This is the tea &gt;&gt; Mr. Dapper on the tea. This is the tea lady blend tonight. Uh here we go. So lady blend tonight. Uh here we go. So lady blend tonight. Uh here we go. So couples. Thank you, babe. All right. couples. Thank you, babe. All right. couples. Thank you, babe. All right. Uh so what else is going out there in Uh so what else is going out there in Uh so what else is going out there in the market? Um the market? Um the market? Um again, you know, these um people again, you know, these um people again, you know, these um people providing liquidity over there for providing liquidity over there for providing liquidity over there for Ripple Prime's balance sheet. I think Ripple Prime's balance sheet. I think Ripple Prime's balance sheet. I think that's good for everybody. So for those that's good for everybody. So for those that's good for everybody. So for those that don't understand what that what that don't understand what that what that don't understand what that what that business does, cross margining that business does, cross margining that business does, cross margining assets is a big big deal. uh Dapper Dan. assets is a big big deal. uh Dapper Dan. assets is a big big deal. uh Dapper Dan. Um Um Um really Purple Prime is the first broker really Purple Prime is the first broker really Purple Prime is the first broker and you could probably consider Falcon X and you could probably consider Falcon X and you could probably consider Falcon X in the same um demographic of prime in the same um demographic of prime in the same um demographic of prime brokers that are willing to margin uh brokers that are willing to margin uh brokers that are willing to margin uh digital assets and give So what does digital assets and give So what does digital assets and give So what does that mean? Basically, you're able to that mean? Basically, you're able to that mean? Basically, you're able to post that as collateral with them and post that as collateral with them and post that as collateral with them and then they use that collateral um and then they use that collateral um and then they use that collateral um and margin it and you can put that into margin it and you can put that into margin it and you can put that into other things. So whether that's other things. So whether that's other things. So whether that's treasuries or bonds or treasuries or bonds or treasuries or bonds or you know if you want to have it in you know if you want to have it in you know if you want to have it in stocks you you can park it wherever you stocks you you can park it wherever you stocks you you can park it wherever you want. Um this person said what's my want. Um this person said what's my want. Um this person said what's my shirt? Uh this was a gift. Uh I play a shirt? Uh this was a gift. Uh I play a shirt? Uh this was a gift. Uh I play a little golf. Uh and so a gentleman you little golf. Uh and so a gentleman you little golf. Uh and so a gentleman you know sent me some shirts. I figured I'd know sent me some shirts. I figured I'd know sent me some shirts. I figured I'd wear it on it here for him. Shout out to wear it on it here for him. Shout out to wear it on it here for him. Shout out to him. Thank you. You know who you are. Uh him. Thank you. You know who you are. Uh him. Thank you. You know who you are. Uh appreciate the swag. Um so back to the appreciate the swag. Um so back to the appreciate the swag. Um so back to the margin. you know, for a lot of people margin. you know, for a lot of people margin. you know, for a lot of people that are holding digital assets, whether that are holding digital assets, whether that are holding digital assets, whether that's Bitcoin, Ethereum, USDT, USDC, that's Bitcoin, Ethereum, USDT, USDC, that's Bitcoin, Ethereum, USDT, USDC, XRPP, XRPP, XRPP, uh, all of that you'd be able to, you uh, all of that you'd be able to, you uh, all of that you'd be able to, you know, park on the balance sheet there know, park on the balance sheet there know, park on the balance sheet there with Ripple Prime and with Ripple Prime and with Ripple Prime and if you're an institution, so let me if you're an institution, so let me if you're an institution, so let me caveat that they do not face retail. um caveat that they do not face retail. um caveat that they do not face retail. um they might you know face off with they might you know face off with they might you know face off with somebody else that could aggregate that somebody else that could aggregate that somebody else that could aggregate that and reflect it with them and a single and reflect it with them and a single and reflect it with them and a single counterparty that was an institution um counterparty that was an institution um counterparty that was an institution um but they will not you know maybe maybe but they will not you know maybe maybe but they will not you know maybe maybe three four years now like from now like three four years now like from now like three four years now like from now like David David Schwarz was talking about um David David Schwarz was talking about um David David Schwarz was talking about um at XRP Vegas you know they might make at XRP Vegas you know they might make at XRP Vegas you know they might make their way downstream to retail but as it their way downstream to retail but as it their way downstream to retail but as it sits today it's just going to be on the sits today it's just going to be on the sits today it's just going to be on the institutional side ever I would expect institutional side ever I would expect institutional side ever I would expect you know because of their ties there uh you know because of their ties there uh you know because of their ties there uh probably you know will be using the XRP probably you know will be using the XRP probably you know will be using the XRP on their balance sheet in some capacity on their balance sheet in some capacity on their balance sheet in some capacity with Ripple Prime. Uh we'll have to see with Ripple Prime. Uh we'll have to see with Ripple Prime. Uh we'll have to see you know what that looks like or if you know what that looks like or if you know what that looks like or if that's even the case, but um you know that's even the case, but um you know that's even the case, but um you know just speculating that that might be the just speculating that that might be the just speculating that that might be the case based on you know their positioning case based on you know their positioning case based on you know their positioning in the market and you know their close in the market and you know their close in the market and you know their close ties with Ripple. Um but that's the ties with Ripple. Um but that's the ties with Ripple. Um but that's the benefit there. You're able to post that benefit there. You're able to post that benefit there. You're able to post that as collateral margin it be able to get as collateral margin it be able to get as collateral margin it be able to get access to other investments to be able access to other investments to be able access to other investments to be able to generate cash flow off of that to generate cash flow off of that to generate cash flow off of that position as far as says XRP going to a position as far as says XRP going to a position as far as says XRP going to a million. I would love to see it. Uh I do million. I would love to see it. Uh I do million. I would love to see it. Uh I do think eventually we'll get there, but think eventually we'll get there, but think eventually we'll get there, but not here in 2026 from that'd be a wild ride from a$140 to from that'd be a wild ride from a$140 to from that'd be a wild ride from a$140 to a million bucks. You know, three four a million bucks. You know, three four a million bucks. You know, three four digits here this year. I could see that. digits here this year. I could see that. digits here this year. I could see that. Uh actually think that personally. Uh Uh actually think that personally. Uh Uh actually think that personally. Uh but again, that requires macro events. but again, that requires macro events. but again, that requires macro events. And also on the macro side, you know, And also on the macro side, you know, And also on the macro side, you know, still watching oil uh hang out around 16 still watching oil uh hang out around 16 still watching oil uh hang out around 16 17,000 uh yen per barrel. Um still 17,000 uh yen per barrel. Um still 17,000 uh yen per barrel. Um still watching the uh JPY uh 10-year continue watching the uh JPY uh 10-year continue watching the uh JPY uh 10-year continue to rise. Bond yields are rising across to rise. Bond yields are rising across to rise. Bond yields are rising across the board. Um people selling off bonds the board. Um people selling off bonds the board. Um people selling off bonds because they are scared that they are because they are scared that they are because they are scared that they are going to have some volatility or not be, going to have some volatility or not be, going to have some volatility or not be, you know, paying out. Um Japan has you know, paying out. Um Japan has you know, paying out. Um Japan has dumped a ton of treasuries in the last dumped a ton of treasuries in the last dumped a ton of treasuries in the last couple months here to be able to push couple months here to be able to push couple months here to be able to push the yen up against the dollar or the yen up against the dollar or the yen up against the dollar or strengthen their currency. Um, but I I strengthen their currency. Um, but I I strengthen their currency. Um, but I I think, you know, they've intervened in think, you know, they've intervened in think, you know, they've intervened in the currency market five times now. Like the currency market five times now. Like the currency market five times now. Like I said Monday, if they do one more time, I said Monday, if they do one more time, I said Monday, if they do one more time, they might have one more time before the they might have one more time before the they might have one more time before the IMF will step in. Uh, and then I do IMF will step in. Uh, and then I do IMF will step in. Uh, and then I do think we're going to see them raise think we're going to see them raise think we're going to see them raise interest rates. We have Worsh signed in interest rates. We have Worsh signed in interest rates. We have Worsh signed in or sworn in. I think uh last Friday was or sworn in. I think uh last Friday was or sworn in. I think uh last Friday was his first day. Um, I watched a his first day. Um, I watched a his first day. Um, I watched a um interview with him where he talked um interview with him where he talked um interview with him where he talked about reducing the Fed's the Fed's about reducing the Fed's the Fed's about reducing the Fed's the Fed's balance sheet and uh lowering interest balance sheet and uh lowering interest balance sheet and uh lowering interest rates, which they would have to do. You rates, which they would have to do. You rates, which they would have to do. You know, I talked about the two levers on know, I talked about the two levers on know, I talked about the two levers on Monday. If you didn't see that, I would Monday. If you didn't see that, I would Monday. If you didn't see that, I would go check it out. Um, for me, you know, go check it out. Um, for me, you know, go check it out. Um, for me, you know, watching what they're doing with watching what they're doing with watching what they're doing with monetary policy, if you knew a monetary policy, if you knew a monetary policy, if you knew a deflationary collapse was coming, you deflationary collapse was coming, you deflationary collapse was coming, you would frontr run it. You would print a would frontr run it. You would print a would frontr run it. You would print a ton of money. Uh, which is exactly what ton of money. Uh, which is exactly what ton of money. Uh, which is exactly what they've done. They've tuned, you know, they've done. They've tuned, you know, they've done. They've tuned, you know, tons of money into um the economy. M2 tons of money into um the economy. M2 tons of money into um the economy. M2 money supply is at an all-time high. Uh money supply is at an all-time high. Uh money supply is at an all-time high. Uh debt is at an all-time high. Uh but if debt is at an all-time high. Uh but if debt is at an all-time high. Uh but if you knew that the economic growth and you knew that the economic growth and you knew that the economic growth and inflation that was going to happen inflation that was going to happen inflation that was going to happen because the convergence of AI and because the convergence of AI and because the convergence of AI and blockchain was coming, you would blockchain was coming, you would blockchain was coming, you would probably do the same thing. So, uh probably do the same thing. So, uh probably do the same thing. So, uh excited for this year in 2026 for the excited for this year in 2026 for the excited for this year in 2026 for the application of AI at scale, anthropic, application of AI at scale, anthropic, application of AI at scale, anthropic, and many other uh here's a fun and many other uh here's a fun and many other uh here's a fun statistic. I don't know if you guys saw statistic. I don't know if you guys saw statistic. I don't know if you guys saw this or not, but I thought it was this or not, but I thought it was this or not, but I thought it was interesting. Um, Sam Bankman Freed, interesting. Um, Sam Bankman Freed, interesting. Um, Sam Bankman Freed, you know, the infamous FTX deal, his you know, the infamous FTX deal, his you know, the infamous FTX deal, his private equity that he dumped uh when private equity that he dumped uh when private equity that he dumped uh when all that was going on would be worth all that was going on would be worth all that was going on would be worth $151 billion today. He owned like 10% of $151 billion today. He owned like 10% of $151 billion today. He owned like 10% of Anthropic U back then. So, you know, I'm Anthropic U back then. So, you know, I'm Anthropic U back then. So, you know, I'm not saying that if they had left him not saying that if they had left him not saying that if they had left him alone, everything would have been okay. alone, everything would have been okay. alone, everything would have been okay. Um but you know there's enough value Um but you know there's enough value Um but you know there's enough value there that he could have definitely made there that he could have definitely made there that he could have definitely made everybody whole multiple times over at everybody whole multiple times over at everybody whole multiple times over at this point. So um and FTX was more this point. So um and FTX was more this point. So um and FTX was more collateralized than the banks are. The collateralized than the banks are. The collateralized than the banks are. The banks are fractional reserve lending. banks are fractional reserve lending. banks are fractional reserve lending. You know they hold 10 to one um you know You know they hold 10 to one um you know You know they hold 10 to one um you know they're able to loan 10 to1. So they're able to loan 10 to1. So they're able to loan 10 to1. So basically they have a tenth of the basically they have a tenth of the basically they have a tenth of the reserves uh that they have out and FTX reserves uh that they have out and FTX reserves uh that they have out and FTX actually I think it had like 30 or 40% actually I think it had like 30 or 40% actually I think it had like 30 or 40% of of what they had when they went of of what they had when they went of of what they had when they went under. So you know uh hopefully we don't under. So you know uh hopefully we don't under. So you know uh hopefully we don't see another SVB or Silvergate or any of see another SVB or Silvergate or any of see another SVB or Silvergate or any of the things that happened with the the things that happened with the the things that happened with the regional banks because the FDI ain't got regional banks because the FDI ain't got regional banks because the FDI ain't got it. Um they would they would not be able it. Um they would they would not be able it. Um they would they would not be able to cover at this point. So, um, you to cover at this point. So, um, you to cover at this point. So, um, you know, I'm hoping that we don't see a know, I'm hoping that we don't see a know, I'm hoping that we don't see a credit crisis and collapse, but with the credit crisis and collapse, but with the credit crisis and collapse, but with the reverse carry trade right here on the reverse carry trade right here on the reverse carry trade right here on the horizon, uh, I think that that's a horizon, uh, I think that that's a horizon, uh, I think that that's a possibility. Again, not to scare anybody possibility. Again, not to scare anybody possibility. Again, not to scare anybody or say, you know, you shouldn't keep or say, you know, you shouldn't keep or say, you know, you shouldn't keep your money in a bank, uh, I think banks your money in a bank, uh, I think banks your money in a bank, uh, I think banks are stable. I think that they'll be, you are stable. I think that they'll be, you are stable. I think that they'll be, you know, bailed out or if there is a know, bailed out or if there is a know, bailed out or if there is a problem, there won't be an issue, maybe problem, there won't be an issue, maybe problem, there won't be an issue, maybe they're holding enough XRP on their they're holding enough XRP on their they're holding enough XRP on their balance sheet, uh, to be okay when all balance sheet, uh, to be okay when all balance sheet, uh, to be okay when all this plays out. Um, that's that's just this plays out. Um, that's that's just this plays out. Um, that's that's just my speculation. uh we'll see what holds my speculation. uh we'll see what holds my speculation. uh we'll see what holds true over the long term. So, uh we got a true over the long term. So, uh we got a true over the long term. So, uh we got a lot of people on the live tonight. lot of people on the live tonight. lot of people on the live tonight. Again, appreciate you taking time out of Again, appreciate you taking time out of Again, appreciate you taking time out of your Wednesday to come hang out with me your Wednesday to come hang out with me your Wednesday to come hang out with me and ask great questions. Uh we'll go and ask great questions. Uh we'll go and ask great questions. Uh we'll go ahead and dive into those. I'll catch up ahead and dive into those. I'll catch up ahead and dive into those. I'll catch up on the super chats that I missed for on the super chats that I missed for on the super chats that I missed for Monday. Uh and then we'll dive into the Monday. Uh and then we'll dive into the Monday. Uh and then we'll dive into the super chats that we have tonight over super chats that we have tonight over super chats that we have tonight over here on YouTube x Facebook and on Tik here on YouTube x Facebook and on Tik here on YouTube x Facebook and on Tik Tok. Uh again, appreciate y'all taking Tok. Uh again, appreciate y'all taking Tok. Uh again, appreciate y'all taking the time out. Um so, the first one here the time out. Um so, the first one here the time out. Um so, the first one here uh says Jake the Dane to Jake the man. uh says Jake the Dane to Jake the man. uh says Jake the Dane to Jake the man. Um this is Gthor. They say after price Um this is Gthor. They say after price Um this is Gthor. They say after price appreciation, can I use XRP at DWP for appreciation, can I use XRP at DWP for appreciation, can I use XRP at DWP for your service? Uh, I'd have to sell on an your service? Uh, I'd have to sell on an your service? Uh, I'd have to sell on an exchange anyways. Thank you. God bless. exchange anyways. Thank you. God bless. exchange anyways. Thank you. God bless. Um, yeah, you know, postp price Um, yeah, you know, postp price Um, yeah, you know, postp price appreciation, we we probably will raise appreciation, we we probably will raise appreciation, we we probably will raise minimums just a little bit. Um, but if minimums just a little bit. Um, but if minimums just a little bit. Um, but if XRP is a,000 bucks, you need 5,000 XRP XRP is a,000 bucks, you need 5,000 XRP XRP is a,000 bucks, you need 5,000 XRP to meet a $5 million minimum. to meet a $5 million minimum. to meet a $5 million minimum. That's, you know, today we sit at 50,000 That's, you know, today we sit at 50,000 That's, you know, today we sit at 50,000 XRP as our minimum. That's literally an XRP as our minimum. That's literally an XRP as our minimum. That's literally an order of magnitude less uh in the total order of magnitude less uh in the total order of magnitude less uh in the total amount of XRP that you would need in amount of XRP that you would need in amount of XRP that you would need in order to be able to work with Digital order to be able to work with Digital order to be able to work with Digital Ascension Group. Um what Ascension Group. Um what Ascension Group. Um what &gt;&gt; specifically they want to know if they &gt;&gt; specifically they want to know if they &gt;&gt; specifically they want to know if they could use XRP to pay for an LLC could use XRP to pay for an LLC could use XRP to pay for an LLC interest. interest. interest. &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, that's not what he &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, that's not what he &gt;&gt; Oh, okay. Well, that's not what he asked. asked. asked. &gt;&gt; That's the reason why I wrote that down &gt;&gt; That's the reason why I wrote that down &gt;&gt; That's the reason why I wrote that down below. He sent a second super chat more. below. He sent a second super chat more. below. He sent a second super chat more. That's why I wanted you did read that That's why I wanted you did read that That's why I wanted you did read that Monday, but you wanted to follow up. And Monday, but you wanted to follow up. And Monday, but you wanted to follow up. And by the way, the Dane is his great Dane. by the way, the Dane is his great Dane. by the way, the Dane is his great Dane. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. A big big dog. Um, so &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. A big big dog. Um, so &gt;&gt; Oh, that's cool. A big big dog. Um, so will we take XRP for payment postpric will we take XRP for payment postpric will we take XRP for payment postpric appreciation? Um, as it sits today, we appreciation? Um, as it sits today, we appreciation? Um, as it sits today, we we can do that. Um, it's kind of a we can do that. Um, it's kind of a we can do that. Um, it's kind of a workaround if people want to pay that workaround if people want to pay that workaround if people want to pay that way. I'd prefer you keep your XRP. way. I'd prefer you keep your XRP. way. I'd prefer you keep your XRP. Personally, um, and then, you know, be Personally, um, and then, you know, be Personally, um, and then, you know, be able to generate cash flow. If if you able to generate cash flow. If if you able to generate cash flow. If if you had to sell some, you know, we we could had to sell some, you know, we we could had to sell some, you know, we we could figure that out how we could finance it. figure that out how we could finance it. figure that out how we could finance it. Again, I'd prefer that people don't have Again, I'd prefer that people don't have Again, I'd prefer that people don't have to sell their XRP and they're able to to sell their XRP and they're able to to sell their XRP and they're able to keep as much as they can over the long keep as much as they can over the long keep as much as they can over the long term. Um, because, you know, the cost of term. Um, because, you know, the cost of term. Um, because, you know, the cost of benefit there, right? Like if you're benefit there, right? Like if you're benefit there, right? Like if you're selling your XRP at a 100 bucks or a,000 selling your XRP at a 100 bucks or a,000 selling your XRP at a 100 bucks or a,000 bucks and it goes to 10,000 or 100,000 bucks and it goes to 10,000 or 100,000 bucks and it goes to 10,000 or 100,000 or a million dollars over the long term, or a million dollars over the long term, or a million dollars over the long term, I mean, that's that's a lot of upside I mean, that's that's a lot of upside I mean, that's that's a lot of upside that you missed out on to just pay us that you missed out on to just pay us that you missed out on to just pay us for services. So, you know, ideally it's for services. So, you know, ideally it's for services. So, you know, ideally it's it's cash. Ideally, you know, you're it's cash. Ideally, you know, you're it's cash. Ideally, you know, you're able to generate returns on the XRP that able to generate returns on the XRP that able to generate returns on the XRP that cover the cost of other services that we cover the cost of other services that we cover the cost of other services that we provide or, you know, if you did want to provide or, you know, if you did want to provide or, you know, if you did want to borrow against it, again, no tax borrow against it, again, no tax borrow against it, again, no tax implications for that, uh, that would implications for that, uh, that would implications for that, uh, that would probably still be cheaper than, you probably still be cheaper than, you probably still be cheaper than, you know, whatever taxes you would owe for know, whatever taxes you would owe for know, whatever taxes you would owe for the long-term capital gains, unless the long-term capital gains, unless the long-term capital gains, unless Trump comes out and says, "Hey, you Trump comes out and says, "Hey, you Trump comes out and says, "Hey, you know, no cap gains on crypto." know, no cap gains on crypto." know, no cap gains on crypto." Hopefully, he I I would love that just Hopefully, he I I would love that just Hopefully, he I I would love that just as much as everybody else would. Uh but as much as everybody else would. Uh but as much as everybody else would. Uh but all that being said, you know, we'll all that being said, you know, we'll all that being said, you know, we'll work on ways to be able to finance that work on ways to be able to finance that work on ways to be able to finance that type of stuff and make sure that because type of stuff and make sure that because type of stuff and make sure that because again, at the end of the day, we're a again, at the end of the day, we're a again, at the end of the day, we're a fiduciary. We want to make sure that our fiduciary. We want to make sure that our fiduciary. We want to make sure that our clients are getting the most bang for clients are getting the most bang for clients are getting the most bang for their buck, literally. Um and I think, their buck, literally. Um and I think, their buck, literally. Um and I think, you know, paying for your services in you know, paying for your services in you know, paying for your services in XRP to us, we're not going to say no if XRP to us, we're not going to say no if XRP to us, we're not going to say no if you're adamant that you want to do it you're adamant that you want to do it you're adamant that you want to do it that way. Uh but we would probably that way. Uh but we would probably that way. Uh but we would probably provide some other avenues that would provide some other avenues that would provide some other avenues that would keep that XRP in your pocket. uh so that keep that XRP in your pocket. uh so that keep that XRP in your pocket. uh so that you can continue to grow that over time. you can continue to grow that over time. you can continue to grow that over time. Invest it, compound it for you and your Invest it, compound it for you and your Invest it, compound it for you and your family. Um but yeah, I'm sure that we family. Um but yeah, I'm sure that we family. Um but yeah, I'm sure that we will have an option for that if people will have an option for that if people will have an option for that if people just adamantly want to do it that way. just adamantly want to do it that way. just adamantly want to do it that way. Um this person says, "Does Chain Link Um this person says, "Does Chain Link Um this person says, "Does Chain Link have a partnership with DTCC? Apparently have a partnership with DTCC? Apparently have a partnership with DTCC? Apparently using some ETH tech sounds like a joke using some ETH tech sounds like a joke using some ETH tech sounds like a joke have any effect?" Uh and this is Andrew. have any effect?" Uh and this is Andrew. have any effect?" Uh and this is Andrew. So, chain link is an oracle. So, chain link is an oracle. So, chain link is an oracle. Uh, ETH is coded in Python and Solidity. Uh, ETH is coded in Python and Solidity. Uh, ETH is coded in Python and Solidity. Uh, it is the most prevalent coding Uh, it is the most prevalent coding Uh, it is the most prevalent coding language for smart contracts. So, if you language for smart contracts. So, if you language for smart contracts. So, if you were going to structure data or smart were going to structure data or smart were going to structure data or smart contracts, that's why there's an EVM contracts, that's why there's an EVM contracts, that's why there's an EVM side chain on the XRPL. Uh but chain side chain on the XRPL. Uh but chain side chain on the XRPL. Uh but chain link being an oracle likely will have a link being an oracle likely will have a link being an oracle likely will have a partnership if they'd already I think partnership if they'd already I think partnership if they'd already I think they already do with the DTCC uh along they already do with the DTCC uh along they already do with the DTCC uh along with many other entities including Swift with many other entities including Swift with many other entities including Swift uh and other you know high level systems uh and other you know high level systems uh and other you know high level systems that transfer value. You need an oracle that transfer value. You need an oracle that transfer value. You need an oracle an enterprise oracle like chain link in an enterprise oracle like chain link in an enterprise oracle like chain link in order to be able to move offchain order to be able to move offchain order to be able to move offchain information onchain to be able to information onchain to be able to information onchain to be able to execute smart contracts. execute smart contracts. execute smart contracts. So yes, they do. Um, chain link was So yes, they do. Um, chain link was So yes, they do. Um, chain link was actually the first thing I ever invested actually the first thing I ever invested actually the first thing I ever invested in. It makes sense to me that you are in. It makes sense to me that you are in. It makes sense to me that you are absolutely going to need that oracle to absolutely going to need that oracle to absolutely going to need that oracle to be able to help facilitate, you know, be able to help facilitate, you know, be able to help facilitate, you know, like I said, um, the execution of smart like I said, um, the execution of smart like I said, um, the execution of smart contracts at scale. IOTA is another one. contracts at scale. IOTA is another one. contracts at scale. IOTA is another one. So IOTA is an oracle. It's more for So IOTA is an oracle. It's more for So IOTA is an oracle. It's more for public domain. Chainlink tends to be public domain. Chainlink tends to be public domain. Chainlink tends to be more of a private side uh, more of a private side uh, more of a private side uh, implementation. Um, it's an enterprise implementation. Um, it's an enterprise implementation. Um, it's an enterprise oracle, like I said, and they have some oracle, like I said, and they have some oracle, like I said, and they have some other stuff there. they have CCIP which other stuff there. they have CCIP which other stuff there. they have CCIP which is crosschain interoperability is crosschain interoperability is crosschain interoperability um protocol and then you know a few um protocol and then you know a few um protocol and then you know a few other things. other things. other things. So you know I I like chain link. I think So you know I I like chain link. I think So you know I I like chain link. I think it's going to be around. I think it's it's going to be around. I think it's it's going to be around. I think it's going to be used. Um is it going to have going to be used. Um is it going to have going to be used. Um is it going to have significant price appreciation? significant price appreciation? significant price appreciation? Potentially, right? Um you know I missed Potentially, right? Um you know I missed Potentially, right? Um you know I missed out on the high. I bought in at uh like out on the high. I bought in at uh like out on the high. I bought in at uh like $3.84 $3.84 $3.84 in 2020 2020. um and then rode it up to in 2020 2020. um and then rode it up to in 2020 2020. um and then rode it up to about eight bucks and let go of my about eight bucks and let go of my about eight bucks and let go of my position. Uh which I learned a lot on position. Uh which I learned a lot on position. Uh which I learned a lot on that one. You should probably dollar that one. You should probably dollar that one. You should probably dollar cost average out just like you dollar cost average out just like you dollar cost average out just like you dollar cost average in if you plan to sell cost average in if you plan to sell cost average in if you plan to sell during a a bull run because it continued during a a bull run because it continued during a a bull run because it continued going higher. going higher. going higher. Um, but all that being said, you know, Um, but all that being said, you know, Um, but all that being said, you know, uh, some of the other applications where uh, some of the other applications where uh, some of the other applications where you're able to actually write these you're able to actually write these you're able to actually write these investments off, and we've talked about investments off, and we've talked about investments off, and we've talked about this in the past, is if you're going to this in the past, is if you're going to this in the past, is if you're going to be using these blockchains or these be using these blockchains or these be using these blockchains or these tokens for something in your business to tokens for something in your business to tokens for something in your business to be able to facilitate business be able to facilitate business be able to facilitate business transactions or catalog information, uh, transactions or catalog information, uh, transactions or catalog information, uh, or interact with different or interact with different or interact with different counterparties or, you know, build out counterparties or, you know, build out counterparties or, you know, build out like if you had a logistics business and like if you had a logistics business and like if you had a logistics business and you're buying, uh, Vchain or something you're buying, uh, Vchain or something you're buying, uh, Vchain or something else that you believe will be used in else that you believe will be used in else that you believe will be used in that application. um and you're holding that application. um and you're holding that application. um and you're holding it on your business's balance sheet for it on your business's balance sheet for it on your business's balance sheet for that reason, not for an investment. So, that reason, not for an investment. So, that reason, not for an investment. So, you know, you have to be diligent about you know, you have to be diligent about you know, you have to be diligent about that and make sure it's done the right that and make sure it's done the right that and make sure it's done the right way. If you have a payment processing way. If you have a payment processing way. If you have a payment processing business and you're buying XRP and XLM business and you're buying XRP and XLM business and you're buying XRP and XLM and you expect to be able to utilize and you expect to be able to utilize and you expect to be able to utilize those inside your business to facilitate those inside your business to facilitate those inside your business to facilitate transactions and transfers uh so that transactions and transfers uh so that transactions and transfers uh so that you don't have to borrow that from you don't have to borrow that from you don't have to borrow that from somebody else, you would have to be somebody else, you would have to be somebody else, you would have to be running a node on these networks. running a node on these networks. running a node on these networks. There's some additional things that you There's some additional things that you There's some additional things that you need to be doing in order to be able to need to be doing in order to be able to need to be doing in order to be able to take a ride off against it. This is at take a ride off against it. This is at take a ride off against it. This is at its core software which would fall under its core software which would fall under its core software which would fall under section 179 of the tax code. So if you section 179 of the tax code. So if you section 179 of the tax code. So if you have some type of business where you're have some type of business where you're have some type of business where you're creating um onchain applications and creating um onchain applications and creating um onchain applications and smart contracts to be able to leverage smart contracts to be able to leverage smart contracts to be able to leverage that inside your business or license that inside your business or license that inside your business or license that to other counterparties and you that to other counterparties and you that to other counterparties and you need an oracle and you wanted to buy need an oracle and you wanted to buy need an oracle and you wanted to buy some chain link, there's a potential some chain link, there's a potential some chain link, there's a potential that you could be able to write that that you could be able to write that that you could be able to write that off. Um again, you want to work with off. Um again, you want to work with off. Um again, you want to work with your CPA. I can't give you tax advice. I your CPA. I can't give you tax advice. I your CPA. I can't give you tax advice. I can't give you legal advice. you need to can't give you legal advice. you need to can't give you legal advice. you need to speak with an attorney or CPA before speak with an attorney or CPA before speak with an attorney or CPA before making any tax or legal decisions. Uh, making any tax or legal decisions. Uh, making any tax or legal decisions. Uh, but we have worked with counterparties but we have worked with counterparties but we have worked with counterparties um that have those designations and some um that have those designations and some um that have those designations and some clients to be able to effectuate what I clients to be able to effectuate what I clients to be able to effectuate what I just discussed. So, um, yeah, but back just discussed. So, um, yeah, but back just discussed. So, um, yeah, but back to the DTCC, I do think that chain link to the DTCC, I do think that chain link to the DTCC, I do think that chain link will be used in the smart contracts as will be used in the smart contracts as will be used in the smart contracts as an oracle with that counterparty. an oracle with that counterparty. an oracle with that counterparty. All right, we'll go ahead and jump into All right, we'll go ahead and jump into All right, we'll go ahead and jump into some more of these super chats here. We some more of these super chats here. We some more of these super chats here. We got Silverado, man. I love the got Silverado, man. I love the got Silverado, man. I love the Silverado, dude. Uh, he says, "Thoughts Silverado, dude. Uh, he says, "Thoughts Silverado, dude. Uh, he says, "Thoughts on executive order from Trump today?" on executive order from Trump today?" on executive order from Trump today?" So, that was actually yesterday. So, that was actually yesterday. So, that was actually yesterday. Excuse me. Oh, that was yesterday that he signed Oh, that was yesterday that he signed Oh, that was yesterday that he signed that executive order. Um, so what that that executive order. Um, so what that that executive order. Um, so what that does is it effectively passes the PACE does is it effectively passes the PACE does is it effectively passes the PACE Act without passing the PACE Act through Act without passing the PACE Act through Act without passing the PACE Act through Congress. Congress. Congress. It could be overturned by the next It could be overturned by the next It could be overturned by the next administration. Um, but it allows administration. Um, but it allows administration. Um, but it allows FinTechs and other NEO banks to be able FinTechs and other NEO banks to be able FinTechs and other NEO banks to be able to get a Fed Master account and to get a Fed Master account and to get a Fed Master account and facilitate payments uh on those same facilitate payments uh on those same facilitate payments uh on those same rails, the AC and wire rails here rails, the AC and wire rails here rails, the AC and wire rails here domestically in the US. That's a big domestically in the US. That's a big domestically in the US. That's a big deal. deal. deal. uh Google, Amazon, uh Meta, um X, you uh Google, Amazon, uh Meta, um X, you uh Google, Amazon, uh Meta, um X, you know, all of these um social media know, all of these um social media know, all of these um social media platforms that have payment transmitter platforms that have payment transmitter platforms that have payment transmitter licenses, uh but didn't have a Fed licenses, uh but didn't have a Fed licenses, uh but didn't have a Fed master account or Fed window. Uh now, master account or Fed window. Uh now, master account or Fed window. Uh now, they should be able to get those. Um we they should be able to get those. Um we they should be able to get those. Um we have seen, you know, a few of those have seen, you know, a few of those have seen, you know, a few of those issued. Uh Ripple has applied for issued. Uh Ripple has applied for issued. Uh Ripple has applied for theirs. They're a bank so and they have theirs. They're a bank so and they have theirs. They're a bank so and they have their charter at this point. So I don't their charter at this point. So I don't their charter at this point. So I don't know why they've kind of been delayed on know why they've kind of been delayed on know why they've kind of been delayed on that. Uh the longest delay that we saw that. Uh the longest delay that we saw that. Uh the longest delay that we saw because I looked this up the other day because I looked this up the other day because I looked this up the other day after it was passed. Um for a Fed Master after it was passed. Um for a Fed Master after it was passed. Um for a Fed Master account, the longest time it took was account, the longest time it took was account, the longest time it took was like six years for one to actually get like six years for one to actually get like six years for one to actually get through. Um the least amount of time through. Um the least amount of time through. Um the least amount of time that I was able to find was somewhere that I was able to find was somewhere that I was able to find was somewhere around three months, but that was for a around three months, but that was for a around three months, but that was for a bank. It was not for, you know, somebody bank. It was not for, you know, somebody bank. It was not for, you know, somebody that was in crypto. So, I believe Ripple that was in crypto. So, I believe Ripple that was in crypto. So, I believe Ripple applied for their master account last applied for their master account last applied for their master account last November. That was seven months ago. So, November. That was seven months ago. So, November. That was seven months ago. So, we're in the range at this point where we're in the range at this point where we're in the range at this point where they should be receiving that in the not they should be receiving that in the not they should be receiving that in the not too distant future. I wouldn't expect too distant future. I wouldn't expect too distant future. I wouldn't expect that it would take a full year for them that it would take a full year for them that it would take a full year for them to be granted that Fed Master account. to be granted that Fed Master account. to be granted that Fed Master account. Uh but with them, you know, Trump Uh but with them, you know, Trump Uh but with them, you know, Trump passing this executive order, uh it also passing this executive order, uh it also passing this executive order, uh it also brings in a bunch of other competition brings in a bunch of other competition brings in a bunch of other competition for payments uh across the board when it for payments uh across the board when it for payments uh across the board when it comes to these fintexs and other social comes to these fintexs and other social comes to these fintexs and other social media platforms to be able to get access media platforms to be able to get access media platforms to be able to get access to a Fed window and facilitate payments. to a Fed window and facilitate payments. to a Fed window and facilitate payments. So, I I think it's a good thing. You So, I I think it's a good thing. You So, I I think it's a good thing. You know, I think it brings competition to know, I think it brings competition to know, I think it brings competition to the market. I think that there's going the market. I think that there's going the market. I think that there's going to be more people willing to pay you um to be more people willing to pay you um to be more people willing to pay you um returns on your deposits. Uh, and the returns on your deposits. Uh, and the returns on your deposits. Uh, and the banks will be forced to, you know, do banks will be forced to, you know, do banks will be forced to, you know, do the same in order to be able to compete, the same in order to be able to compete, the same in order to be able to compete, which is great for the consumer. which is great for the consumer. which is great for the consumer. John McNab, my dude, he says, "What's John McNab, my dude, he says, "What's John McNab, my dude, he says, "What's the actual on-ramp look like for normal the actual on-ramp look like for normal the actual on-ramp look like for normal business that wants to accept XRP but business that wants to accept XRP but business that wants to accept XRP but still needs dollars in the bank?" Um, still needs dollars in the bank?" Um, still needs dollars in the bank?" Um, what's the is it Bybit? No. Um, what's the is it Bybit? No. Um, what's the is it Bybit? No. Um, there's a couple different payment there's a couple different payment there's a couple different payment processors, including World Pay, that processors, including World Pay, that processors, including World Pay, that can facilitate crypto payments. So, you can facilitate crypto payments. So, you can facilitate crypto payments. So, you can decide what you want on the other can decide what you want on the other can decide what you want on the other side of those transactions. Uh, you can side of those transactions. Uh, you can side of those transactions. Uh, you can even break it down into a percentage, even break it down into a percentage, even break it down into a percentage, like I want to receive 50% of this like I want to receive 50% of this like I want to receive 50% of this proceeds, uh, from my, you know, client proceeds, uh, from my, you know, client proceeds, uh, from my, you know, client or, um, person that's paying me uh, in or, um, person that's paying me uh, in or, um, person that's paying me uh, in dollars and the other 50% I want it to dollars and the other 50% I want it to dollars and the other 50% I want it to go into this crypto. when they charge 1% go into this crypto. when they charge 1% go into this crypto. when they charge 1% most of them do on those transactions uh most of them do on those transactions uh most of them do on those transactions uh and they will convert it. So if you you and they will convert it. So if you you and they will convert it. So if you you know somebody pays you in bitcoin and know somebody pays you in bitcoin and know somebody pays you in bitcoin and you wanted to receive XRP uh they would you wanted to receive XRP uh they would you wanted to receive XRP uh they would facilitate that transaction for you and facilitate that transaction for you and facilitate that transaction for you and swap it uh and then deposit that to your swap it uh and then deposit that to your swap it uh and then deposit that to your wallet. Uh you are going to have to list wallet. Uh you are going to have to list wallet. Uh you are going to have to list a wallet with them. Ideally that's in a wallet with them. Ideally that's in a wallet with them. Ideally that's in like a Fireblocks instance at a minimum. like a Fireblocks instance at a minimum. like a Fireblocks instance at a minimum. Um you know you could hold it with Um you know you could hold it with Um you know you could hold it with Uphold next to your bank account there. Uphold next to your bank account there. Uphold next to your bank account there. Uh we can do that inside of the app the Uh we can do that inside of the app the Uh we can do that inside of the app the DAG app. So, if you want to go to DAG app. So, if you want to go to DAG app. So, if you want to go to appap.digital appap.digital appap.digital ascensiongroup.com ascensiongroup.com ascensiongroup.com um and download that and upload your um and download that and upload your um and download that and upload your LLC, uh we don't have that LLC, uh we don't have that LLC, uh we don't have that infrastructure built in yet for payments infrastructure built in yet for payments infrastructure built in yet for payments to be able to, you know, to be paid, but to be able to, you know, to be paid, but to be able to, you know, to be paid, but you could list those wallet addresses. you could list those wallet addresses. you could list those wallet addresses. Um you can also use unstoppable domains. Um you can also use unstoppable domains. Um you can also use unstoppable domains. I helped a few business owners way back I helped a few business owners way back I helped a few business owners way back in 2020 set that up. uh you can use an in 2020 set that up. uh you can use an in 2020 set that up. uh you can use an unstoppable domain and register it and unstoppable domain and register it and unstoppable domain and register it and then uh attach whatever wallets you want then uh attach whatever wallets you want then uh attach whatever wallets you want those payments to go to and people can those payments to go to and people can those payments to go to and people can make a payment to that unstoppable make a payment to that unstoppable make a payment to that unstoppable domain and it will flow through to that domain and it will flow through to that domain and it will flow through to that wallet that you have listed uh to be wallet that you have listed uh to be wallet that you have listed uh to be able to accept those payments. So, uh able to accept those payments. So, uh able to accept those payments. So, uh it's one unified, you know, you don't it's one unified, you know, you don't it's one unified, you know, you don't have to have the wallet address or any have to have the wallet address or any have to have the wallet address or any of that. Uh they send it to your of that. Uh they send it to your of that. Uh they send it to your unstoppable domain and then it would unstoppable domain and then it would unstoppable domain and then it would route it to uh whichever, you know, route it to uh whichever, you know, route it to uh whichever, you know, crypto wallet you were accepting. So, if crypto wallet you were accepting. So, if crypto wallet you were accepting. So, if you wanted Bitcoin, Doge, uh I think you wanted Bitcoin, Doge, uh I think you wanted Bitcoin, Doge, uh I think it'll do Litecoin, XRP, XLM, they it'll do Litecoin, XRP, XLM, they it'll do Litecoin, XRP, XLM, they probably have a larger breath now than probably have a larger breath now than probably have a larger breath now than they used to. Those were just the ones they used to. Those were just the ones they used to. Those were just the ones at the time. Obviously, Tether and USDC at the time. Obviously, Tether and USDC at the time. Obviously, Tether and USDC uh were there as well. So, uh that's one uh were there as well. So, uh that's one uh were there as well. So, uh that's one way that you could do it if you did want way that you could do it if you did want way that you could do it if you did want to accept crypto. The the problem that to accept crypto. The the problem that to accept crypto. The the problem that you're going to run into there is just you're going to run into there is just you're going to run into there is just the accounting side of it. So, you're the accounting side of it. So, you're the accounting side of it. So, you're going to have to give your CPA or going to have to give your CPA or going to have to give your CPA or accounting team access to that wallet to accounting team access to that wallet to accounting team access to that wallet to be able to review the payments and then be able to review the payments and then be able to review the payments and then reconcile those with your books. reconcile those with your books. reconcile those with your books. um they are, you know, it's taxable um they are, you know, it's taxable um they are, you know, it's taxable income just like it would be for income just like it would be for income just like it would be for anything else. So, you're going to need anything else. So, you're going to need anything else. So, you're going to need to withhold taxes. Um so, there's, you to withhold taxes. Um so, there's, you to withhold taxes. Um so, there's, you know, there's some additional know, there's some additional know, there's some additional complications if you don't use a payment complications if you don't use a payment complications if you don't use a payment processor that'll process crypto for you processor that'll process crypto for you processor that'll process crypto for you and, you know, then send it to your your and, you know, then send it to your your and, you know, then send it to your your wallet. Um it also doesn't work great wallet. Um it also doesn't work great wallet. Um it also doesn't work great with Woo Commerce or whatever um with Woo Commerce or whatever um with Woo Commerce or whatever um e-commerce platform you're leveraging in e-commerce platform you're leveraging in e-commerce platform you're leveraging in order to facilitate payments uh through order to facilitate payments uh through order to facilitate payments uh through an online avenue. Um, if it's in store, an online avenue. Um, if it's in store, an online avenue. Um, if it's in store, you could probably have somebody scan a you could probably have somebody scan a you could probably have somebody scan a QR code uh that had your your QR code uh that had your your QR code uh that had your your Unstoppable Domain listed as it or just Unstoppable Domain listed as it or just Unstoppable Domain listed as it or just have them send it to your Unstoppable have them send it to your Unstoppable have them send it to your Unstoppable Domain. That it's just one, it's the Domain. That it's just one, it's the Domain. That it's just one, it's the same thing over and over again. Uh, but same thing over and over again. Uh, but same thing over and over again. Uh, but again, in order to reconcile that, make again, in order to reconcile that, make again, in order to reconcile that, make sure your accounting is correct, you're sure your accounting is correct, you're sure your accounting is correct, you're going to have to give access to your CPA going to have to give access to your CPA going to have to give access to your CPA or your account. So, those are the, you or your account. So, those are the, you or your account. So, those are the, you know, if you want to just take it direct know, if you want to just take it direct know, if you want to just take it direct through the Unstoppable Domain, you're through the Unstoppable Domain, you're through the Unstoppable Domain, you're not going to deal with that 1% fee. Um, not going to deal with that 1% fee. Um, not going to deal with that 1% fee. Um, but you know what's going to happen for but you know what's going to happen for but you know what's going to happen for sales tax and everything else out of sales tax and everything else out of sales tax and everything else out of that you're going to have to take care that you're going to have to take care that you're going to have to take care of yourself. Uh, if you want to use one of yourself. Uh, if you want to use one of yourself. Uh, if you want to use one of the payment processors that World Pay of the payment processors that World Pay of the payment processors that World Pay kind of backs, uh, there's a couple kind of backs, uh, there's a couple kind of backs, uh, there's a couple different ones out there or you can use different ones out there or you can use different ones out there or you can use World Pay directly. Um, World Pay directly. Um, World Pay directly. Um, they would be able to facilitate those they would be able to facilitate those they would be able to facilitate those and um, you know, again, for that small and um, you know, again, for that small and um, you know, again, for that small fee of 1%, fee of 1%, fee of 1%, make sure that all the taxes were taken make sure that all the taxes were taken make sure that all the taxes were taken out and it's reconciled with your out and it's reconciled with your out and it's reconciled with your regular books through QuickBooks or regular books through QuickBooks or regular books through QuickBooks or another application. Mr. Shepard, he says, "Uh, I'm new to Mr. Shepard, he says, "Uh, I'm new to Mr. Shepard, he says, "Uh, I'm new to XRP over the last two months and XRP over the last two months and XRP over the last two months and currently have around 4,300 on an currently have around 4,300 on an currently have around 4,300 on an exchange, Coinbase, uh, while trying to exchange, Coinbase, uh, while trying to exchange, Coinbase, uh, while trying to accumulate more as budget allows. What's accumulate more as budget allows. What's accumulate more as budget allows. What's next step do I need to take to secure my next step do I need to take to secure my next step do I need to take to secure my XRP?" For that amount, you would probably want For that amount, you would probably want For that amount, you would probably want to look at a cold wallet. to look at a cold wallet. to look at a cold wallet. Um, I don't think that Coinbase is going Um, I don't think that Coinbase is going Um, I don't think that Coinbase is going anywhere. They're a publicly traded anywhere. They're a publicly traded anywhere. They're a publicly traded company. They have, however, you know, company. They have, however, you know, company. They have, however, you know, gone down. Um, when there's market gone down. Um, when there's market gone down. Um, when there's market volatility, you can't access it a lot of volatility, you can't access it a lot of volatility, you can't access it a lot of the time. They just get overwhelmed with the time. They just get overwhelmed with the time. They just get overwhelmed with the amount of people on their website, the amount of people on their website, the amount of people on their website, or at least that's what they say. And, or at least that's what they say. And, or at least that's what they say. And, you know, they don't allow trading when you know, they don't allow trading when you know, they don't allow trading when that happens. So, if you do anticipate that happens. So, if you do anticipate that happens. So, if you do anticipate selling some as the market's running selling some as the market's running selling some as the market's running higher, uh, you probably, you know, higher, uh, you probably, you know, higher, uh, you probably, you know, there's a good chance you won't be able there's a good chance you won't be able there's a good chance you won't be able to access it on that platform. Um, but to access it on that platform. Um, but to access it on that platform. Um, but same thing with a cold wallet. But like same thing with a cold wallet. But like same thing with a cold wallet. But like if you're holding on a cold wallet and if you're holding on a cold wallet and if you're holding on a cold wallet and you want to send it back to an exchange you want to send it back to an exchange you want to send it back to an exchange to be able to sell some, you're not to be able to sell some, you're not to be able to sell some, you're not going to be able to do that. Um, but you going to be able to do that. Um, but you going to be able to do that. Um, but you do have optionality if it's on a cold do have optionality if it's on a cold do have optionality if it's on a cold wallet, you can figure out which wallet, you can figure out which wallet, you can figure out which exchanges haven't gone down or have exchanges haven't gone down or have exchanges haven't gone down or have aren't having issues. Uh, and as long as aren't having issues. Uh, and as long as aren't having issues. Uh, and as long as you have accounts already set up at you have accounts already set up at you have accounts already set up at those, then you could move it back there those, then you could move it back there those, then you could move it back there or to one of those to be able to execute or to one of those to be able to execute or to one of those to be able to execute that trade. that trade. that trade. Um, it depends on how much Um, it depends on how much Um, it depends on how much responsibility you want is really what responsibility you want is really what responsibility you want is really what it comes down to. So, if you are going it comes down to. So, if you are going it comes down to. So, if you are going to hold it on a cold wallet, that comes to hold it on a cold wallet, that comes to hold it on a cold wallet, that comes with some additional with some additional with some additional liability. Um, not that you have liability. Um, not that you have liability. Um, not that you have insurance and not that your assets are insurance and not that your assets are insurance and not that your assets are segregated. They're on Coinbase. They segregated. They're on Coinbase. They segregated. They're on Coinbase. They are owned by Coinbase. You are a are owned by Coinbase. You are a are owned by Coinbase. You are a creditor of Coinbase if you are holding creditor of Coinbase if you are holding creditor of Coinbase if you are holding your assets with them. Um, on the your assets with them. Um, on the your assets with them. Um, on the institutional side, I think they're institutional side, I think they're institutional side, I think they're trying to figure something out over trying to figure something out over trying to figure something out over there where it's a little bit different. there where it's a little bit different. there where it's a little bit different. Um, for us, we set up, you know, for the Um, for us, we set up, you know, for the Um, for us, we set up, you know, for the benefit of or FBO accounts. uh at benefit of or FBO accounts. uh at benefit of or FBO accounts. uh at Anchorage uh the minimum for us though Anchorage uh the minimum for us though Anchorage uh the minimum for us though is 50,000 XRP. So, you know, not saying is 50,000 XRP. So, you know, not saying is 50,000 XRP. So, you know, not saying you have little bag or it's not enough you have little bag or it's not enough you have little bag or it's not enough for us to deal with or any of those for us to deal with or any of those for us to deal with or any of those things. Uh just at this time, you know, things. Uh just at this time, you know, things. Uh just at this time, you know, we don't accept clients that that have we don't accept clients that that have we don't accept clients that that have less than that amount. Um so, you know, less than that amount. Um so, you know, less than that amount. Um so, you know, your your choices are kind of limited. your your choices are kind of limited. your your choices are kind of limited. Uh it's either uh Fireblocks instance, Uh it's either uh Fireblocks instance, Uh it's either uh Fireblocks instance, you know, if you wanted to go figure you know, if you wanted to go figure you know, if you wanted to go figure that out with somebody else, um or use, that out with somebody else, um or use, that out with somebody else, um or use, you know, leave it there on Coinbase. uh you know, leave it there on Coinbase. uh you know, leave it there on Coinbase. uh if you're okay with that, if you don't if you're okay with that, if you don't if you're okay with that, if you don't think they're going anywhere um and think they're going anywhere um and think they're going anywhere um and you're not needing to access it if you're not needing to access it if you're not needing to access it if there's market volatility. Uh but if you there's market volatility. Uh but if you there's market volatility. Uh but if you do want to take on the responsibility of do want to take on the responsibility of do want to take on the responsibility of holding it directly, then you know I holding it directly, then you know I holding it directly, then you know I recommend Decent or Zamin or Tangum. recommend Decent or Zamin or Tangum. recommend Decent or Zamin or Tangum. There's a bunch of good cold wallets out There's a bunch of good cold wallets out There's a bunch of good cold wallets out there. Ellipal, Arculus, uh both of there. Ellipal, Arculus, uh both of there. Ellipal, Arculus, uh both of those are airgapped. Uh do some those are airgapped. Uh do some those are airgapped. Uh do some research. uh make sure that you're research. uh make sure that you're research. uh make sure that you're buying that cold wallet directly from buying that cold wallet directly from buying that cold wallet directly from the site and not off Amazon or eBay or the site and not off Amazon or eBay or the site and not off Amazon or eBay or any other things like skirting a little any other things like skirting a little any other things like skirting a little bit to save a little bit of money is not bit to save a little bit of money is not bit to save a little bit of money is not worth it on this. You should always buy worth it on this. You should always buy worth it on this. You should always buy direct from the manufacturer because you direct from the manufacturer because you direct from the manufacturer because you don't know who's tampered with that don't know who's tampered with that don't know who's tampered with that wallet. Uh if they have access to your wallet. Uh if they have access to your wallet. Uh if they have access to your keys, if they're trying to sell it to keys, if they're trying to sell it to keys, if they're trying to sell it to you so you can put your crypto on there you so you can put your crypto on there you so you can put your crypto on there and they steal it from you. Um that's and they steal it from you. Um that's and they steal it from you. Um that's why I like Decent. You know, we're an why I like Decent. You know, we're an why I like Decent. You know, we're an affiliate for them. Full transparency. affiliate for them. Full transparency. affiliate for them. Full transparency. you get like five bucks uh if you use you get like five bucks uh if you use you get like five bucks uh if you use our link uh on YouTube or in you know our link uh on YouTube or in you know our link uh on YouTube or in you know link tree or any of the other social link tree or any of the other social link tree or any of the other social media platforms. Um I prefer them. They media platforms. Um I prefer them. They media platforms. Um I prefer them. They have a really nice UI. It's easy to use. have a really nice UI. It's easy to use. have a really nice UI. It's easy to use. They have a biometric thumbrint. Uh you They have a biometric thumbrint. Uh you They have a biometric thumbrint. Uh you can add an additional key so that your can add an additional key so that your can add an additional key so that your spouse can get to it if god forbid spouse can get to it if god forbid spouse can get to it if god forbid something were to happen to you. Um you something were to happen to you. Um you something were to happen to you. Um you know have a large breadth of assets to know have a large breadth of assets to know have a large breadth of assets to be able to hold on that device. So you be able to hold on that device. So you be able to hold on that device. So you know that's kind of my go-to for a cold know that's kind of my go-to for a cold know that's kind of my go-to for a cold wallet. Uh, aside from Zamin, you know, wallet. Uh, aside from Zamin, you know, wallet. Uh, aside from Zamin, you know, Zamin's specific for XRP. You can Zamin's specific for XRP. You can Zamin's specific for XRP. You can download the app on your phone. Um, when download the app on your phone. Um, when download the app on your phone. Um, when you're setting this up, you want to make you're setting this up, you want to make you're setting this up, you want to make sure that you're writing down the seed sure that you're writing down the seed sure that you're writing down the seed phrase. Um, for whatever wallet you're phrase. Um, for whatever wallet you're phrase. Um, for whatever wallet you're using on a piece of paper, you probably using on a piece of paper, you probably using on a piece of paper, you probably want to make three or four copies of want to make three or four copies of want to make three or four copies of that. You want to hold those in some that. You want to hold those in some that. You want to hold those in some different locations just in case a house different locations just in case a house different locations just in case a house burns down or something happens. Uh, you burns down or something happens. Uh, you burns down or something happens. Uh, you want to be able to recover those if you want to be able to recover those if you want to be able to recover those if you need to. um you know, bury it in your need to. um you know, bury it in your need to. um you know, bury it in your yard in a can, something like that. Um yard in a can, something like that. Um yard in a can, something like that. Um there's just different things that you there's just different things that you there's just different things that you can do in order to make sure you have can do in order to make sure you have can do in order to make sure you have some backups if you know, god forbid, some backups if you know, god forbid, some backups if you know, god forbid, you're in a situation like they were uh you're in a situation like they were uh you're in a situation like they were uh in California with the wildfires. There in California with the wildfires. There in California with the wildfires. There was a ton of people that lost seed was a ton of people that lost seed was a ton of people that lost seed phrases, even on metal plates. It was so phrases, even on metal plates. It was so phrases, even on metal plates. It was so hot that those burnt. They weren't able hot that those burnt. They weren't able hot that those burnt. They weren't able to recover those after. So, if you were to recover those after. So, if you were to recover those after. So, if you were to lose your phone or the or the drive to lose your phone or the or the drive to lose your phone or the or the drive that you had it on, you know, whatever that you had it on, you know, whatever that you had it on, you know, whatever storage device it was and the seed storage device it was and the seed storage device it was and the seed phrase, it's gone for forever. There's phrase, it's gone for forever. There's phrase, it's gone for forever. There's no insurance. There's no recourse. It's no insurance. There's no recourse. It's no insurance. There's no recourse. It's not like you can get it back. So, just not like you can get it back. So, just not like you can get it back. So, just be prepared for that additional be prepared for that additional be prepared for that additional responsibility if you do make those responsibility if you do make those responsibility if you do make those choices. A lot of people I know hold choices. A lot of people I know hold choices. A lot of people I know hold their assets in a couple different their assets in a couple different their assets in a couple different places just to be able to kind of places just to be able to kind of places just to be able to kind of navigate that risk and have some navigate that risk and have some navigate that risk and have some diversification across different diversification across different diversification across different custodians uh and a cold wallet. Many of custodians uh and a cold wallet. Many of custodians uh and a cold wallet. Many of our clients do that. they don't hold all our clients do that. they don't hold all our clients do that. they don't hold all of their XRP or their other digital of their XRP or their other digital of their XRP or their other digital assets with Digital Wealth Partners. So, assets with Digital Wealth Partners. So, assets with Digital Wealth Partners. So, um I don't know if that's helpful for um I don't know if that's helpful for um I don't know if that's helpful for you. I try to explain that pretty you. I try to explain that pretty you. I try to explain that pretty thoroughly, but um again, appreciate the thoroughly, but um again, appreciate the thoroughly, but um again, appreciate the super chat. And for all those that are super chat. And for all those that are super chat. And for all those that are new, uh definitely, you know, watch some new, uh definitely, you know, watch some new, uh definitely, you know, watch some videos on the best way to set up your videos on the best way to set up your videos on the best way to set up your cold wallet. Again, you probably like if cold wallet. Again, you probably like if cold wallet. Again, you probably like if you want to get real safe about it, set you want to get real safe about it, set you want to get real safe about it, set up a completely separate email, only use up a completely separate email, only use up a completely separate email, only use one device and that's all you use it one device and that's all you use it one device and that's all you use it for. Go buy a laptop specific 200 bucks for. Go buy a laptop specific 200 bucks for. Go buy a laptop specific 200 bucks or something that you log in the or something that you log in the or something that you log in the internet on um and you turn off when internet on um and you turn off when internet on um and you turn off when you're not using it. Uh you can be very you're not using it. Uh you can be very you're not using it. Uh you can be very like secure like secure like secure uh and probably right if if you're uh and probably right if if you're uh and probably right if if you're managing a lot of money, it's a great managing a lot of money, it's a great managing a lot of money, it's a great way to do it. uh or again you can just way to do it. uh or again you can just way to do it. uh or again you can just work with digital ascension group and work with digital ascension group and work with digital ascension group and digital wealth partners hold it at digital wealth partners hold it at digital wealth partners hold it at Anchorage uh and know that it's Anchorage uh and know that it's Anchorage uh and know that it's segregated bankruptcy remote insured up segregated bankruptcy remote insured up segregated bankruptcy remote insured up to $100 million uh you have a counter to $100 million uh you have a counter to $100 million uh you have a counter signer on the account and an advisor um signer on the account and an advisor um signer on the account and an advisor um just like you would a Schwab account or just like you would a Schwab account or just like you would a Schwab account or something else to make sure that your something else to make sure that your something else to make sure that your stuff has continuity your beneficiaries stuff has continuity your beneficiaries stuff has continuity your beneficiaries are on the account spouse is on the are on the account spouse is on the are on the account spouse is on the account it's easier to report on you can account it's easier to report on you can account it's easier to report on you can show it on your balance sheet if you're show it on your balance sheet if you're show it on your balance sheet if you're buying a home but there's a ton of buying a home but there's a ton of buying a home but there's a ton of benefits to working with us uh if you do benefits to working with us uh if you do benefits to working with us uh if you do have the capital to do So uh but that have the capital to do So uh but that have the capital to do So uh but that would be my recommendation for the would be my recommendation for the would be my recommendation for the amount that you have. amount that you have. amount that you have. Papa good to see you sir. He says Jake Papa good to see you sir. He says Jake Papa good to see you sir. He says Jake hope all is well. Question is there hope all is well. Question is there hope all is well. Question is there enough institutional participants in the enough institutional participants in the enough institutional participants in the XRPL for mass liquidity needed to push XRPL for mass liquidity needed to push XRPL for mass liquidity needed to push the numbers up. the numbers up. the numbers up. Uh so I I don't think that's how this is so I I don't think that's how this is so I I don't think that's how this is going to work. I've kind of stated that going to work. I've kind of stated that going to work. I've kind of stated that before. I don't think the volume on the before. I don't think the volume on the before. I don't think the volume on the network is actually what's going to network is actually what's going to network is actually what's going to drive the price. drive the price. drive the price. I I think that they're going to need a I I think that they're going to need a I I think that they're going to need a supply shock on the market supply shock on the market supply shock on the market um on the exchanges in order to be able um on the exchanges in order to be able um on the exchanges in order to be able to drive enough liquidity into the to drive enough liquidity into the to drive enough liquidity into the asset. And then once there's enough asset. And then once there's enough asset. And then once there's enough liquidity in it, um institutions will liquidity in it, um institutions will liquidity in it, um institutions will step in and start using it at scale to step in and start using it at scale to step in and start using it at scale to be able to settle transactions. Until be able to settle transactions. Until be able to settle transactions. Until there's enough liquidity in it, I don't there's enough liquidity in it, I don't there's enough liquidity in it, I don't believe that there's a way that they can believe that there's a way that they can believe that there's a way that they can actually facilitate that at scale actually facilitate that at scale actually facilitate that at scale because there's not enough um liquidity because there's not enough um liquidity because there's not enough um liquidity for those transactions. And so they're for those transactions. And so they're for those transactions. And so they're they're waiting on, you know, some price they're waiting on, you know, some price they're waiting on, you know, some price appreciation just like we are in order appreciation just like we are in order appreciation just like we are in order to start using it. But once it's there, to start using it. But once it's there, to start using it. But once it's there, the volume that they're moving over the the volume that they're moving over the the volume that they're moving over the network will hold it at a high stable network will hold it at a high stable network will hold it at a high stable price. And um at that point, you know, price. And um at that point, you know, price. And um at that point, you know, there are a lot of people sitting in the there are a lot of people sitting in the there are a lot of people sitting in the wings that are already integrated. Uh wings that are already integrated. Uh wings that are already integrated. Uh all they got to do is literally flip a all they got to do is literally flip a all they got to do is literally flip a switch. There's thousands of them switch. There's thousands of them switch. There's thousands of them according to Brad Garlinghouse. And um according to Brad Garlinghouse. And um according to Brad Garlinghouse. And um you know as those get turned on and you know as those get turned on and you know as those get turned on and people start settling through XRP with people start settling through XRP with people start settling through XRP with different counterparties or for whatever different counterparties or for whatever different counterparties or for whatever marketplace they're running um that's marketplace they're running um that's marketplace they're running um that's when we'll see you know a high stable when we'll see you know a high stable when we'll see you know a high stable value uh for XRP. But again I think we value uh for XRP. But again I think we value uh for XRP. But again I think we need Black Rockck the ETF there and some need Black Rockck the ETF there and some need Black Rockck the ETF there and some other you know macro catalyst that I've other you know macro catalyst that I've other you know macro catalyst that I've described in the domino theory in order described in the domino theory in order described in the domino theory in order to be able to push the price to where it to be able to push the price to where it to be able to push the price to where it needs to be for before they can even needs to be for before they can even needs to be for before they can even start using it in that capacity. All right, we've got William, Mr. All right, we've got William, Mr. All right, we've got William, Mr. Kilgore. Kilgore. Kilgore. He says, "Evening, Jake. So, how many He says, "Evening, Jake. So, how many He says, "Evening, Jake. So, how many adviserss has your business hired in the adviserss has your business hired in the adviserss has your business hired in the past two months or so?" Um, past two months or so?" Um, past two months or so?" Um, we haven't really hired a whole lot of we haven't really hired a whole lot of we haven't really hired a whole lot of adviserss in the last couple months. Um, adviserss in the last couple months. Um, adviserss in the last couple months. Um, I think one or two is all we brought on I think one or two is all we brought on I think one or two is all we brought on in the last couple months. Um, currently in the last couple months. Um, currently in the last couple months. Um, currently manage about 4,000 clients. We have manage about 4,000 clients. We have manage about 4,000 clients. We have about 30 advisors. So each client h or about 30 advisors. So each client h or about 30 advisors. So each client h or each adviser has you know what would each adviser has you know what would each adviser has you know what would that be 110ish that be 110ish that be 110ish um clients that they are currently um clients that they are currently um clients that they are currently servicing. Um you know as we bring on servicing. Um you know as we bring on servicing. Um you know as we bring on some of these other products and some of these other products and some of these other products and solutions I think that our consumer you solutions I think that our consumer you solutions I think that our consumer you know client base will continue to grow. know client base will continue to grow. know client base will continue to grow. Um a lot of people you know are holding Um a lot of people you know are holding Um a lot of people you know are holding some assets away or are waiting for the some assets away or are waiting for the some assets away or are waiting for the yield product or some other things that yield product or some other things that yield product or some other things that we're releasing uh before they kind of we're releasing uh before they kind of we're releasing uh before they kind of double down and add more to their double down and add more to their double down and add more to their accounts which completely accounts which completely accounts which completely understandable. Um, but that's, you understandable. Um, but that's, you understandable. Um, but that's, you know, where we're currently at. We know, where we're currently at. We know, where we're currently at. We haven't continued to scale at as rapid a haven't continued to scale at as rapid a haven't continued to scale at as rapid a pace as we were at the end of last year. pace as we were at the end of last year. pace as we were at the end of last year. Um, and I think that's a good thing. A Um, and I think that's a good thing. A Um, and I think that's a good thing. A lot of the advisors that we currently lot of the advisors that we currently lot of the advisors that we currently have on staff are seasoned in now. have on staff are seasoned in now. have on staff are seasoned in now. They've been here for, you know, three, They've been here for, you know, three, They've been here for, you know, three, four, five, six months or longer. Uh and four, five, six months or longer. Uh and four, five, six months or longer. Uh and because of that, you know, they're going because of that, you know, they're going because of that, you know, they're going to have a deeper understanding of what to have a deeper understanding of what to have a deeper understanding of what our clients need, the products that we our clients need, the products that we our clients need, the products that we have, and the ability to service our have, and the ability to service our have, and the ability to service our client base at a better um standard client base at a better um standard client base at a better um standard than, you know, not to say that new than, you know, not to say that new than, you know, not to say that new advisors aren't great. They are. advisors aren't great. They are. advisors aren't great. They are. However, it just takes a little time to However, it just takes a little time to However, it just takes a little time to get up to speed. Um and many people come get up to speed. Um and many people come get up to speed. Um and many people come in and work underneath an adviser before in and work underneath an adviser before in and work underneath an adviser before they take on a full book for themselves. they take on a full book for themselves. they take on a full book for themselves. And at this point, we've kind of made And at this point, we've kind of made And at this point, we've kind of made that transition. And I believe all of that transition. And I believe all of that transition. And I believe all of our adviserss at this point have their our adviserss at this point have their our adviserss at this point have their own book and are um continue to service own book and are um continue to service own book and are um continue to service clients and getting even better at it uh clients and getting even better at it uh clients and getting even better at it uh as we moved on here. So um yeah, that's as we moved on here. So um yeah, that's as we moved on here. So um yeah, that's that's where we sit today. Uh market that's where we sit today. Uh market that's where we sit today. Uh market moves, we've we've got a backlog of a moves, we've we've got a backlog of a moves, we've we've got a backlog of a lot of people that would love to work lot of people that would love to work lot of people that would love to work here. Uh and we will bring them on and here. Uh and we will bring them on and here. Uh and we will bring them on and train them up quickly in order to be train them up quickly in order to be train them up quickly in order to be able to meet the demand um as XRP able to meet the demand um as XRP able to meet the demand um as XRP expands in value. Uh Mr. Johnson. He's expands in value. Uh Mr. Johnson. He's expands in value. Uh Mr. Johnson. He's just JC is meeting with clients with just JC is meeting with clients with just JC is meeting with clients with client. It's pinhead. client. It's pinhead. client. It's pinhead. He he's levered heavy heavy on the He he's levered heavy heavy on the He he's levered heavy heavy on the reverse cure trade on December 25th reverse cure trade on December 25th reverse cure trade on December 25th after punishing after punishing after punishing uh 27,891 uh 27,891 uh 27,891 fake Jakers. Fake Jake. He found the fake Jakers. Fake Jake. He found the fake Jakers. Fake Jake. He found the real one but needs help. Lucifer uh has real one but needs help. Lucifer uh has real one but needs help. Lucifer uh has called Pin Heads Margin. Um called Pin Heads Margin. Um called Pin Heads Margin. Um some wild scenarios that he he throws some wild scenarios that he he throws some wild scenarios that he he throws out here. Um out here. Um out here. Um yeah, you know, we saw people probably yeah, you know, we saw people probably yeah, you know, we saw people probably take a little bit undue risk at the end take a little bit undue risk at the end take a little bit undue risk at the end of last year. I can understand um you of last year. I can understand um you of last year. I can understand um you know, I think a lot of people felt that know, I think a lot of people felt that know, I think a lot of people felt that things would move just kind of like I things would move just kind of like I things would move just kind of like I did. Um and many things still have did. Um and many things still have did. Um and many things still have played out this year in 2026 exactly as played out this year in 2026 exactly as played out this year in 2026 exactly as I laid them out last year. Uh this has I laid them out last year. Uh this has I laid them out last year. Uh this has just been a little bit slower grind than just been a little bit slower grind than just been a little bit slower grind than uh you know, I think anybody uh you know, I think anybody uh you know, I think anybody anticipated, but that's okay. The anticipated, but that's okay. The anticipated, but that's okay. The inevitable outcome is still going to inevitable outcome is still going to inevitable outcome is still going to take place. Uh it's just, you know, how take place. Uh it's just, you know, how take place. Uh it's just, you know, how much longer can they kick the can? I much longer can they kick the can? I much longer can they kick the can? I don't think they have that much longer. don't think they have that much longer. don't think they have that much longer. Like I said, Japan's down to their last Like I said, Japan's down to their last Like I said, Japan's down to their last time that they can intervene in the time that they can intervene in the time that they can intervene in the currency market. Um and now that we currency market. Um and now that we currency market. Um and now that we have, you know, not effectively the PAC, have, you know, not effectively the PAC, have, you know, not effectively the PAC, but the executive order by Trump but the executive order by Trump but the executive order by Trump allowing fintex and other people to allowing fintex and other people to allowing fintex and other people to participate. Japan also uh regulating it participate. Japan also uh regulating it participate. Japan also uh regulating it stable coins uh can be used as regulated stable coins uh can be used as regulated stable coins uh can be used as regulated payment between counterparties starting payment between counterparties starting payment between counterparties starting June 1st. um June 1st. um June 1st. um stock market's going to be tokenized stock market's going to be tokenized stock market's going to be tokenized this year in July with full-fledged uh this year in July with full-fledged uh this year in July with full-fledged uh tokenization across the board in tokenization across the board in tokenization across the board in October. So, you know, like Monica Long October. So, you know, like Monica Long October. So, you know, like Monica Long said earlier this year at XRP community said earlier this year at XRP community said earlier this year at XRP community day, I believe, and so does she that we day, I believe, and so does she that we day, I believe, and so does she that we will see fullcale adoption for XRP here will see fullcale adoption for XRP here will see fullcale adoption for XRP here in 2026, in 2026, in 2026, which means XRP has to be a high price which means XRP has to be a high price which means XRP has to be a high price for that to happen. for that to happen. for that to happen. Off the grid hero says, "Property tax, Off the grid hero says, "Property tax, Off the grid hero says, "Property tax, capital gains, if disappeared, could capital gains, if disappeared, could capital gains, if disappeared, could they remove the lifetime gift tax or is they remove the lifetime gift tax or is they remove the lifetime gift tax or is there a loophole there a loophole there a loophole the irrevocable trust or is the loophole the irrevocable trust or is the loophole the irrevocable trust or is the loophole irrevocable trust?" irrevocable trust?" irrevocable trust?" So, there's no loophole on on taxes. So, there's no loophole on on taxes. So, there's no loophole on on taxes. Just to be clear, Just to be clear, Just to be clear, you're still going to have to gift those you're still going to have to gift those you're still going to have to gift those assets out of your taxable estate. assets out of your taxable estate. assets out of your taxable estate. Ideally, you're gifting assets out of Ideally, you're gifting assets out of Ideally, you're gifting assets out of your taxable estate at a much lower your taxable estate at a much lower your taxable estate at a much lower valuation than what they're going to be valuation than what they're going to be valuation than what they're going to be later on because if they appreciate in later on because if they appreciate in later on because if they appreciate in your taxable estate, you're only allowed your taxable estate, you're only allowed your taxable estate, you're only allowed 15 million per person or 30 million per 15 million per person or 30 million per 15 million per person or 30 million per per couple um that you can gift over per couple um that you can gift over per couple um that you can gift over your lifetime. So, um you know, if you your lifetime. So, um you know, if you your lifetime. So, um you know, if you pass away and you have 30 million in pass away and you have 30 million in pass away and you have 30 million in your estate, it passes to your heirs. your estate, it passes to your heirs. your estate, it passes to your heirs. They get a step up in basis uh which They get a step up in basis uh which They get a step up in basis uh which means you know they inherit the assets means you know they inherit the assets means you know they inherit the assets at the new valuation. So if they decide at the new valuation. So if they decide at the new valuation. So if they decide to sell them, there's no taxes for them to sell them, there's no taxes for them to sell them, there's no taxes for them on that first 30 million. Anything above on that first 30 million. Anything above on that first 30 million. Anything above that, they get taxed at 40%. that, they get taxed at 40%. that, they get taxed at 40%. Irrespective of if it's cash or assets. Irrespective of if it's cash or assets. Irrespective of if it's cash or assets. So holding that inside of the So holding that inside of the So holding that inside of the irrevocable trust or an eyelet or some irrevocable trust or an eyelet or some irrevocable trust or an eyelet or some of the other ways that we, you know, do of the other ways that we, you know, do of the other ways that we, you know, do some more of the complex estate some more of the complex estate some more of the complex estate planning, um, over here with Digital planning, um, over here with Digital planning, um, over here with Digital Ascension Group is a, you know, much Ascension Group is a, you know, much Ascension Group is a, you know, much more tax advantage way to be able to do more tax advantage way to be able to do more tax advantage way to be able to do it to pass it to the next generation. it to pass it to the next generation. it to pass it to the next generation. Um, could they get rid of the lifetime Um, could they get rid of the lifetime Um, could they get rid of the lifetime gift tax threshold? Sure. Canada has gift tax threshold? Sure. Canada has gift tax threshold? Sure. Canada has none. Canada has no lifetime gift tax none. Canada has no lifetime gift tax none. Canada has no lifetime gift tax threshold. They get you in other ways. threshold. They get you in other ways. threshold. They get you in other ways. Um, you know, taxes are actually worse Um, you know, taxes are actually worse Um, you know, taxes are actually worse in Canada than they are here in the US in Canada than they are here in the US in Canada than they are here in the US for the most part. So, sorry if you're for the most part. So, sorry if you're for the most part. So, sorry if you're Canadian. Um, my advice if you're Canadian. Um, my advice if you're Canadian. Um, my advice if you're Canadian would be Canadian would be Canadian would be uh I don't want to say move because that uh I don't want to say move because that uh I don't want to say move because that sounds harsh, but realistically that's sounds harsh, but realistically that's sounds harsh, but realistically that's really the only way that you can get really the only way that you can get really the only way that you can get away from that tax regime. It's away from that tax regime. It's away from that tax regime. It's residency based. Um, whereas the US is residency based. Um, whereas the US is residency based. Um, whereas the US is citizenship based. So, it doesn't matter citizenship based. So, it doesn't matter citizenship based. So, it doesn't matter where you travel to, you're still going where you travel to, you're still going where you travel to, you're still going to be subject to US tax code uh if you to be subject to US tax code uh if you to be subject to US tax code uh if you have American citizenship, but if you're have American citizenship, but if you're have American citizenship, but if you're in the UK, Australia, Canada, uh or in the UK, Australia, Canada, uh or in the UK, Australia, Canada, uh or anything else that the monarchy uh has anything else that the monarchy uh has anything else that the monarchy uh has set up, um it's residency based. So, if set up, um it's residency based. So, if set up, um it's residency based. So, if you can still be a citizen there, but you can still be a citizen there, but you can still be a citizen there, but you move out of there and you're not you move out of there and you're not you move out of there and you're not going to have to pay subject to the going to have to pay subject to the going to have to pay subject to the taxes in that jurisdiction. taxes in that jurisdiction. taxes in that jurisdiction. Um Um Um property tax in Florida is what they're property tax in Florida is what they're property tax in Florida is what they're trying to get rid of. When I was down trying to get rid of. When I was down trying to get rid of. When I was down there talking to the people that are there talking to the people that are there talking to the people that are local, they were saying that it's just local, they were saying that it's just local, they were saying that it's just on a certain certain types of property. on a certain certain types of property. on a certain certain types of property. It's not all the property tax. Um, It's not all the property tax. Um, It's not all the property tax. Um, capital gains on crypto. Would love to capital gains on crypto. Would love to capital gains on crypto. Would love to see that go away. They're not going to see that go away. They're not going to see that go away. They're not going to do away with all capital gains. There do away with all capital gains. There do away with all capital gains. There there's still going to be taxes for some there's still going to be taxes for some there's still going to be taxes for some period of time. Um, I'm hopeful that, period of time. Um, I'm hopeful that, period of time. Um, I'm hopeful that, you know, our money moves back to the you know, our money moves back to the you know, our money moves back to the Treasury just like everybody else is and Treasury just like everybody else is and Treasury just like everybody else is and that the IRS and the Fed go away. Uh but that the IRS and the Fed go away. Uh but that the IRS and the Fed go away. Uh but until that's an actual reality, we have until that's an actual reality, we have until that's an actual reality, we have to live in the paradigm that we exist in to live in the paradigm that we exist in to live in the paradigm that we exist in and continue to do what we can to and continue to do what we can to and continue to do what we can to navigate taxes um in the best way navigate taxes um in the best way navigate taxes um in the best way possible to, you know, ideally keep more possible to, you know, ideally keep more possible to, you know, ideally keep more money in your pocket than sending out to money in your pocket than sending out to money in your pocket than sending out to the government. Um and the reason I I the government. Um and the reason I I the government. Um and the reason I I prefer that is, you know, I believe that prefer that is, you know, I believe that prefer that is, you know, I believe that I'm a better allocator of capital than I'm a better allocator of capital than I'm a better allocator of capital than US government is. But you're you're US government is. But you're you're US government is. But you're you're going to be a philanthropist uh one way going to be a philanthropist uh one way going to be a philanthropist uh one way or the other. You're either going to be or the other. You're either going to be or the other. You're either going to be a forced philanthropist where you're a forced philanthropist where you're a forced philanthropist where you're giving that money to the government and giving that money to the government and giving that money to the government and they're doullling it out to people uh or they're doullling it out to people uh or they're doullling it out to people uh or you're going to be a willing you're going to be a willing you're going to be a willing philanthropist and set up a foundation philanthropist and set up a foundation philanthropist and set up a foundation or give to charities or do other things or give to charities or do other things or give to charities or do other things with your money to be able to write off with your money to be able to write off with your money to be able to write off the taxes that way. Um every single the taxes that way. Um every single the taxes that way. Um every single family office that I have ever talked to family office that I have ever talked to family office that I have ever talked to has a philanthropic component. They has a philanthropic component. They has a philanthropic component. They donate to charities or churches or donate to charities or churches or donate to charities or churches or causes that they feel strongly about. causes that they feel strongly about. causes that they feel strongly about. They've probably set up many most of They've probably set up many most of They've probably set up many most of them if not all of them have set up a them if not all of them have set up a them if not all of them have set up a family foundation. Um family foundation. Um family foundation. Um again I mentioned this on the Monday again I mentioned this on the Monday again I mentioned this on the Monday deal but I'll reiterated it here. Bill deal but I'll reiterated it here. Bill deal but I'll reiterated it here. Bill Gates and Bill and Melenna Gates Gates and Bill and Melenna Gates Gates and Bill and Melenna Gates Foundation has sold all of their Foundation has sold all of their Foundation has sold all of their Microsoft stock 7.7 million shares for a Microsoft stock 7.7 million shares for a Microsoft stock 7.7 million shares for a total of $3.2 billion. total of $3.2 billion. total of $3.2 billion. Markets are a little bit down today. I'm Markets are a little bit down today. I'm Markets are a little bit down today. I'm hopeful that they, you know, rebound. hopeful that they, you know, rebound. hopeful that they, you know, rebound. Uh, like I said, Monday, the the 618 uh Uh, like I said, Monday, the the 618 uh Uh, like I said, Monday, the the 618 uh Fibonacci, again, I'm not a chart Fibonacci, again, I'm not a chart Fibonacci, again, I'm not a chart person. I'm just, you know, trying to person. I'm just, you know, trying to person. I'm just, you know, trying to figure out where the mic the market figure out where the mic the market figure out where the mic the market might top at if it does have a blowoff might top at if it does have a blowoff might top at if it does have a blowoff top, uh, which I think we're moving top, uh, which I think we're moving top, uh, which I think we're moving into, uh, is somewhere between 7,900 and into, uh, is somewhere between 7,900 and into, uh, is somewhere between 7,900 and 8,000. 8,000. 8,000. So, uh, that's for the S&amp;P. So, if we So, uh, that's for the S&amp;P. So, if we So, uh, that's for the S&amp;P. So, if we see the market continue to rise, that's see the market continue to rise, that's see the market continue to rise, that's kind of the levels that I'm looking for kind of the levels that I'm looking for kind of the levels that I'm looking for for it to, you know, really be, you for it to, you know, really be, you for it to, you know, really be, you know, have a he heavy resistance against know, have a he heavy resistance against know, have a he heavy resistance against and kind of be taken back. Um, and kind of be taken back. Um, and kind of be taken back. Um, that's not that large a percentage move that's not that large a percentage move that's not that large a percentage move from where we're at now. So, you know, from where we're at now. So, you know, from where we're at now. So, you know, again, I'm not telling you to sell. I'm again, I'm not telling you to sell. I'm again, I'm not telling you to sell. I'm not giving you financial advice if you not giving you financial advice if you not giving you financial advice if you own stocks. Uh, but I would at least go own stocks. Uh, but I would at least go own stocks. Uh, but I would at least go have a conversation with your financial have a conversation with your financial have a conversation with your financial advisor and talk to them about the advisor and talk to them about the advisor and talk to them about the reverse carrier trade and see if that's reverse carrier trade and see if that's reverse carrier trade and see if that's anything that's even on their radar. Um, anything that's even on their radar. Um, anything that's even on their radar. Um, the family office conference that I was the family office conference that I was the family office conference that I was at Monday and Tuesday this week, um, I at Monday and Tuesday this week, um, I at Monday and Tuesday this week, um, I got to talk with the the CIO of RBC, got to talk with the the CIO of RBC, got to talk with the the CIO of RBC, um, Royal Bank of Canada, and, um, you um, Royal Bank of Canada, and, um, you um, Royal Bank of Canada, and, um, you know, he is familiar with that. You know, he is familiar with that. You know, he is familiar with that. You know, they they manage some very wealthy know, they they manage some very wealthy know, they they manage some very wealthy families money uh, and they're families money uh, and they're families money uh, and they're navigating that risk. He doesn't feel navigating that risk. He doesn't feel navigating that risk. He doesn't feel the gentleman that spoke didn't feel the gentleman that spoke didn't feel the gentleman that spoke didn't feel that it was a large market risk at this that it was a large market risk at this that it was a large market risk at this point. I heavily disagree with that. Uh point. I heavily disagree with that. Uh point. I heavily disagree with that. Uh but that's okay. Everybody has their but that's okay. Everybody has their but that's okay. Everybody has their opinion. Um you know me me and Michael opinion. Um you know me me and Michael opinion. Um you know me me and Michael Gad and and Daario over there on Twitter Gad and and Daario over there on Twitter Gad and and Daario over there on Twitter are shouting it from the rooftops. are shouting it from the rooftops. are shouting it from the rooftops. Everybody else is you know got their Everybody else is you know got their Everybody else is you know got their head in the sand kind of ignoring it head in the sand kind of ignoring it head in the sand kind of ignoring it thinking that it already gone wound and thinking that it already gone wound and thinking that it already gone wound and it'll be fine. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I I don't think that's the case. I think I I don't think that's the case. I think I I don't think that's the case. I think we're still going to see significant we're still going to see significant we're still going to see significant downside in markets when that unwinds. downside in markets when that unwinds. downside in markets when that unwinds. Um, but again, taking it back to what I Um, but again, taking it back to what I Um, but again, taking it back to what I just stated, not telling you to sell any just stated, not telling you to sell any just stated, not telling you to sell any of your stocks. I'm not telling, you of your stocks. I'm not telling, you of your stocks. I'm not telling, you know, giving you financial advice. Uh, know, giving you financial advice. Uh, know, giving you financial advice. Uh, but I think it is a good time, you know, but I think it is a good time, you know, but I think it is a good time, you know, to probably go have a conversation with to probably go have a conversation with to probably go have a conversation with your financial adviser if you do have an your financial adviser if you do have an your financial adviser if you do have an allocation there about, you know, the allocation there about, you know, the allocation there about, you know, the reverse carrier trade and potentially reverse carrier trade and potentially reverse carrier trade and potentially being able to hedge against some market being able to hedge against some market being able to hedge against some market volatility if there is a downturn that volatility if there is a downturn that volatility if there is a downturn that is significant. is significant. is significant. Rick Johnson again, good to see you, Rick Johnson again, good to see you, Rick Johnson again, good to see you, dude. This is Mr. Blister. I am cautious dude. This is Mr. Blister. I am cautious dude. This is Mr. Blister. I am cautious about meme coins. They remind me of a about meme coins. They remind me of a about meme coins. They remind me of a business that I remember uh Nocturnal business that I remember uh Nocturnal business that I remember uh Nocturnal Airlines, a fly by night operation. Airlines, a fly by night operation. Airlines, a fly by night operation. These are good dad jokes. He has really These are good dad jokes. He has really These are good dad jokes. He has really good dad jokes. Um Off the Grid Hero good dad jokes. Um Off the Grid Hero good dad jokes. Um Off the Grid Hero says, "In the future, electronic cars says, "In the future, electronic cars says, "In the future, electronic cars forced on us. Driving for the poor, forced on us. Driving for the poor, forced on us. Driving for the poor, flying for the rich. Jetson's uh Jetson flying for the rich. Jetson's uh Jetson flying for the rich. Jetson's uh Jetson one seems like the future." Um, so you one seems like the future." Um, so you one seems like the future." Um, so you know, I've had this debate with my wife. know, I've had this debate with my wife. know, I've had this debate with my wife. Uh, she's still adamant that we will Uh, she's still adamant that we will Uh, she's still adamant that we will will continue to be driving cars by the will continue to be driving cars by the will continue to be driving cars by the time my son is old enough to drive. I don't think we will. Uh, I think, you I don't think we will. Uh, I think, you I don't think we will. Uh, I think, you know, over that period of time, I won't know, over that period of time, I won't know, over that period of time, I won't divulge how old my son is, but, um, divulge how old my son is, but, um, divulge how old my son is, but, um, I think by the time he's old enough to I think by the time he's old enough to I think by the time he's old enough to be able to get a license, um, most of, be able to get a license, um, most of, be able to get a license, um, most of, if not all of the vehicles on the road if not all of the vehicles on the road if not all of the vehicles on the road will be self-driving. will be self-driving. will be self-driving. I know that that's a weird paradigm, um, I know that that's a weird paradigm, um, I know that that's a weird paradigm, um, shift from from how we've grown up and shift from from how we've grown up and shift from from how we've grown up and how the world's operated for our entire how the world's operated for our entire how the world's operated for our entire lifetimes up to this point, if you're, lifetimes up to this point, if you're, lifetimes up to this point, if you're, you know, watching this. Um, you know, watching this. Um, you know, watching this. Um, but with the techn but with the techn but with the techn with technology advancing at the pace with technology advancing at the pace with technology advancing at the pace that it is and with AI and LAR that it is and with AI and LAR that it is and with AI and LAR and all the other things that are that and all the other things that are that and all the other things that are that are coming around, robo taxis are are coming around, robo taxis are are coming around, robo taxis are rolling out. Um, people are paying, you rolling out. Um, people are paying, you rolling out. Um, people are paying, you know, like a $99 a month subscription to know, like a $99 a month subscription to know, like a $99 a month subscription to be able to, you know, call a robo taxi be able to, you know, call a robo taxi be able to, you know, call a robo taxi when they need it. Um, they've already when they need it. Um, they've already when they need it. Um, they've already got, what was the list? It was like got, what was the list? It was like got, what was the list? It was like 37,000 people subscribed in just a few 37,000 people subscribed in just a few 37,000 people subscribed in just a few cities here in Texas and they're rolling cities here in Texas and they're rolling cities here in Texas and they're rolling out that out nationwide and out that out nationwide and out that out nationwide and internationally over the next 12 months. internationally over the next 12 months. internationally over the next 12 months. I mean, you got Whimo um and there's a I mean, you got Whimo um and there's a I mean, you got Whimo um and there's a few other self-drive to Google car. few other self-drive to Google car. few other self-drive to Google car. There's there's a bunch of them out There's there's a bunch of them out There's there's a bunch of them out there at this point uh that are piloting there at this point uh that are piloting there at this point uh that are piloting the technology. I will say that it's not the technology. I will say that it's not the technology. I will say that it's not perfect yet for sure. There's definitely perfect yet for sure. There's definitely perfect yet for sure. There's definitely some accidents and issues that have some accidents and issues that have some accidents and issues that have happened. Um it's not ready for scale happened. Um it's not ready for scale happened. Um it's not ready for scale yet. Uh, but I do think that that's yet. Uh, but I do think that that's yet. Uh, but I do think that that's coming. Um, and you know, as time coming. Um, and you know, as time coming. Um, and you know, as time progresses, I think that it will progresses, I think that it will progresses, I think that it will improve. I don't know that they're ever improve. I don't know that they're ever improve. I don't know that they're ever going to be able to work out all the going to be able to work out all the going to be able to work out all the kinks on it, but at the same time, like, kinks on it, but at the same time, like, kinks on it, but at the same time, like, how many wrecks do people cause every how many wrecks do people cause every how many wrecks do people cause every single day? single day? single day? A lot. Uh, and I mean, if you ran the A lot. Uh, and I mean, if you ran the A lot. Uh, and I mean, if you ran the statistics on it, I would expect that statistics on it, I would expect that statistics on it, I would expect that self-driving cars would probably, I self-driving cars would probably, I self-driving cars would probably, I don't know about yet, but in the future, don't know about yet, but in the future, don't know about yet, but in the future, uh, have less wrecks than people do. I uh, have less wrecks than people do. I uh, have less wrecks than people do. I know I'm distracted driving, and I would know I'm distracted driving, and I would know I'm distracted driving, and I would much prefer to sit in the back seat and much prefer to sit in the back seat and much prefer to sit in the back seat and make phone calls and work and do other make phone calls and work and do other make phone calls and work and do other stuff and just have the car drive me stuff and just have the car drive me stuff and just have the car drive me where I needed to go. And I think most where I needed to go. And I think most where I needed to go. And I think most people would opt for that option. Uh people would opt for that option. Uh people would opt for that option. Uh when it comes to flying cars, um in in when it comes to flying cars, um in in when it comes to flying cars, um in in the book, The Future is Faster Than You the book, The Future is Faster Than You the book, The Future is Faster Than You Think, uh highly recommend you read that Think, uh highly recommend you read that Think, uh highly recommend you read that if you haven't ever, you know, read if you haven't ever, you know, read if you haven't ever, you know, read that. I think it would give you a lot of that. I think it would give you a lot of that. I think it would give you a lot of perspective on where we're at today in perspective on where we're at today in perspective on where we're at today in 2026 in comparison to when that book was 2026 in comparison to when that book was 2026 in comparison to when that book was written in 2018. Um written in 2018. Um written in 2018. Um but Flying Cars was one of the uh but Flying Cars was one of the uh but Flying Cars was one of the uh advanced technologies that they were advanced technologies that they were advanced technologies that they were talking about culminating. Um talking about culminating. Um talking about culminating. Um wife says she's not getting in a way. wife says she's not getting in a way. wife says she's not getting in a way. Um, she'll come around. She She didn't Um, she'll come around. She She didn't Um, she'll come around. She She didn't want to use chat GPT early on either. want to use chat GPT early on either. want to use chat GPT early on either. Uh, but, you know, it'll grow on her. We Uh, but, you know, it'll grow on her. We Uh, but, you know, it'll grow on her. We We'll get her We'll get her in a We'll get her We'll get her in a We'll get her We'll get her in a self-driving car at some point. Um, but self-driving car at some point. Um, but self-driving car at some point. Um, but back to the flying cars. So, back to the flying cars. So, back to the flying cars. So, you got Airbus, you got Uber, you've got you got Airbus, you got Uber, you've got you got Airbus, you got Uber, you've got a few other people out there that are a few other people out there that are a few other people out there that are competing in that vertical. Um, competing in that vertical. Um, competing in that vertical. Um, still not sure on that one either. You still not sure on that one either. You still not sure on that one either. You know, air traffic control and other know, air traffic control and other know, air traffic control and other things. things. things. There's these drones now that's a single There's these drones now that's a single There's these drones now that's a single person drone that can fly you from place person drone that can fly you from place person drone that can fly you from place to place. Um anytime you're flying, you to place. Um anytime you're flying, you to place. Um anytime you're flying, you know, that's kind of scary. Whether it's know, that's kind of scary. Whether it's know, that's kind of scary. Whether it's a helicopter or a jet or a plane, um a helicopter or a jet or a plane, um a helicopter or a jet or a plane, um those go down, those go down, those go down, you know, at least once a week I hear you know, at least once a week I hear you know, at least once a week I hear about something crashing. about something crashing. about something crashing. Cars happen every single day. you know, Cars happen every single day. you know, Cars happen every single day. you know, there's um per year in Texas, you know, there's um per year in Texas, you know, there's um per year in Texas, you know, they'll they'll post it on, you know, they'll they'll post it on, you know, they'll they'll post it on, you know, the uh the billboards normally around the uh the billboards normally around the uh the billboards normally around Christmas or holidays when people do Christmas or holidays when people do Christmas or holidays when people do drink and drive and they'll just remind drink and drive and they'll just remind drink and drive and they'll just remind you not to and they'll tell you how many you not to and they'll tell you how many you not to and they'll tell you how many wrecks have have, you know, how many wrecks have have, you know, how many wrecks have have, you know, how many people have lost their lives in wrecks people have lost their lives in wrecks people have lost their lives in wrecks in Texas. It's normally, you know, a in Texas. It's normally, you know, a in Texas. It's normally, you know, a little bit south of 2,000 people per little bit south of 2,000 people per little bit south of 2,000 people per year uh in the great state of Texas that year uh in the great state of Texas that year uh in the great state of Texas that uh end up unfortunately passing away uh uh end up unfortunately passing away uh uh end up unfortunately passing away uh through car accidents. Um yeah, flying through car accidents. Um yeah, flying through car accidents. Um yeah, flying cars, I don't know. You you would cars, I don't know. You you would cars, I don't know. You you would definitely need some type of operating definitely need some type of operating definitely need some type of operating system, an AI or something else to be system, an AI or something else to be system, an AI or something else to be able to direct traffic in the air. able to direct traffic in the air. able to direct traffic in the air. Humans, uh Humans, uh Humans, uh if we were flying those, I don't I don't if we were flying those, I don't I don't if we were flying those, I don't I don't think it would go so well. So, um I think it would go so well. So, um I think it would go so well. So, um I don't know how imminent that is. Um I don't know how imminent that is. Um I don't know how imminent that is. Um I think that there's a significant think that there's a significant think that there's a significant adoption curve there. Again, people are adoption curve there. Again, people are adoption curve there. Again, people are scared. It's probably cost prohibitive scared. It's probably cost prohibitive scared. It's probably cost prohibitive in the short term. Uh but it's kind of in the short term. Uh but it's kind of in the short term. Uh but it's kind of like SpaceX, right? And the the rockets like SpaceX, right? And the the rockets like SpaceX, right? And the the rockets that Elon has figured out. He's able to that Elon has figured out. He's able to that Elon has figured out. He's able to reuse the parts. Um he's brought the reuse the parts. Um he's brought the reuse the parts. Um he's brought the cost of space travel down substantially. cost of space travel down substantially. cost of space travel down substantially. I think the same will happen for you I think the same will happen for you I think the same will happen for you know Ubers uh and you know robo taxis know Ubers uh and you know robo taxis know Ubers uh and you know robo taxis and those things. Uh in addition to the and those things. Uh in addition to the and those things. Uh in addition to the flying vehicles to be able to transport flying vehicles to be able to transport flying vehicles to be able to transport you, uh I think public transport will you, uh I think public transport will you, uh I think public transport will also be a huge thing in the future. Um also be a huge thing in the future. Um also be a huge thing in the future. Um they've talked about building a they've talked about building a they've talked about building a hypersonic rail between uh Dallas, hypersonic rail between uh Dallas, hypersonic rail between uh Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, and Austin and Houston, San Antonio, and Austin and Houston, San Antonio, and Austin and Fort Worth. Um it' be kind of like a big Fort Worth. Um it' be kind of like a big Fort Worth. Um it' be kind of like a big triangle here in Texas. You'd be able to triangle here in Texas. You'd be able to triangle here in Texas. You'd be able to get to Houston in like 30 minutes. Right get to Houston in like 30 minutes. Right get to Houston in like 30 minutes. Right now it's about a three-hour drive to be now it's about a three-hour drive to be now it's about a three-hour drive to be able to do that. I could see that able to do that. I could see that able to do that. I could see that happening before we saw flying cars. uh happening before we saw flying cars. uh happening before we saw flying cars. uh we already have hypersonic rail in some we already have hypersonic rail in some we already have hypersonic rail in some other other countries um you know other other countries um you know other other countries um you know especially in eastern countries those especially in eastern countries those especially in eastern countries those have been successful have been successful have been successful um but yeah you know I'm thinking more um but yeah you know I'm thinking more um but yeah you know I'm thinking more like 2040 like 2040 like 2040 before we we see the Jetsons type stuff. before we we see the Jetsons type stuff. before we we see the Jetsons type stuff. Um would love to be wrong. Would love to Um would love to be wrong. Would love to Um would love to be wrong. Would love to have it happen sooner but that's just my have it happen sooner but that's just my have it happen sooner but that's just my two cents. Uh Scott Maddox says, "Hey two cents. Uh Scott Maddox says, "Hey two cents. Uh Scott Maddox says, "Hey Jake, pray for you and your family. I Jake, pray for you and your family. I Jake, pray for you and your family. I hope you're well." Thank you, dude. Uh hope you're well." Thank you, dude. Uh hope you're well." Thank you, dude. Uh we appreciate the prayers and we are we appreciate the prayers and we are we appreciate the prayers and we are doing uh great. We are very blessed. Um doing uh great. We are very blessed. Um doing uh great. We are very blessed. Um he says, "I am safe outside of am I safe he says, "I am safe outside of am I safe he says, "I am safe outside of am I safe outside of the DAG app on Uphold with my outside of the DAG app on Uphold with my outside of the DAG app on Uphold with my XRP. I've been seeing some unsettling XRP. I've been seeing some unsettling XRP. I've been seeing some unsettling posts lately on Uphold actions." I posts lately on Uphold actions." I posts lately on Uphold actions." I haven't been seeing any of those posts. haven't been seeing any of those posts. haven't been seeing any of those posts. Um you know, I trust uphold. That's why Um you know, I trust uphold. That's why Um you know, I trust uphold. That's why we partnered with them. However, I will we partnered with them. However, I will we partnered with them. However, I will say, you know, we have purview of the say, you know, we have purview of the say, you know, we have purview of the infrastructure over there uh that we are infrastructure over there uh that we are infrastructure over there uh that we are white labeling from them inside the DAG white labeling from them inside the DAG white labeling from them inside the DAG app. So, you know, we're we're looking app. So, you know, we're we're looking app. So, you know, we're we're looking to build in some additional asurances. to build in some additional asurances. to build in some additional asurances. As it sits right now, it's just, you As it sits right now, it's just, you As it sits right now, it's just, you know, a white labelled version of their know, a white labelled version of their know, a white labelled version of their instance, but we have the oversight on instance, but we have the oversight on instance, but we have the oversight on it for our clients uh and users. So, if it for our clients uh and users. So, if it for our clients uh and users. So, if that gives you the warm and fuzzy that that gives you the warm and fuzzy that that gives you the warm and fuzzy that there's um some additional controls or there's um some additional controls or there's um some additional controls or that we're, you know, kind of verifying that we're, you know, kind of verifying that we're, you know, kind of verifying things um on on that application, then things um on on that application, then things um on on that application, then yeah, we would love to have you on the yeah, we would love to have you on the yeah, we would love to have you on the app. Um but again, I don't know that app. Um but again, I don't know that app. Um but again, I don't know that you're in any type of jeopardy over you're in any type of jeopardy over you're in any type of jeopardy over there on Uphold's regular um application there on Uphold's regular um application there on Uphold's regular um application either. either. either. Uh thank you for the super chat, Mr. Uh thank you for the super chat, Mr. Uh thank you for the super chat, Mr. McGee. McGee. McGee. Uh, we've got Mr. Luther. He says, Uh, we've got Mr. Luther. He says, Uh, we've got Mr. Luther. He says, "Hello, legend." What's up, dude? Uh, "Hello, legend." What's up, dude? Uh, "Hello, legend." What's up, dude? Uh, what is your opinion of tokenization of what is your opinion of tokenization of what is your opinion of tokenization of gold on gold on gold on assuming he means Ethereum blockchain? assuming he means Ethereum blockchain? assuming he means Ethereum blockchain? Do you view Ethereum as a competitive Do you view Ethereum as a competitive Do you view Ethereum as a competitive threat? God bless. Um, so again, there's threat? God bless. Um, so again, there's threat? God bless. Um, so again, there's an EVM side chain on the XRPL. Ethereum an EVM side chain on the XRPL. Ethereum an EVM side chain on the XRPL. Ethereum is proof of stake. Um, they've already is proof of stake. Um, they've already is proof of stake. Um, they've already had a 51% attack on the network. That's had a 51% attack on the network. That's had a 51% attack on the network. That's why you have Ethereum Classic. why you have Ethereum Classic. why you have Ethereum Classic. Um, so the network has been forked once Um, so the network has been forked once Um, so the network has been forked once in the past. in the past. in the past. Um, the latency is very high for Um, the latency is very high for Um, the latency is very high for Ethereum, especially when the network's Ethereum, especially when the network's Ethereum, especially when the network's congested. Costs also go up congested. Costs also go up congested. Costs also go up substantially on Ethereum when the substantially on Ethereum when the substantially on Ethereum when the network's congested. um it just doesn't network's congested. um it just doesn't network's congested. um it just doesn't have enough throughput and that's why have enough throughput and that's why have enough throughput and that's why you've seen a lot of layer twos uh built you've seen a lot of layer twos uh built you've seen a lot of layer twos uh built out on top of Ethereum to be able to out on top of Ethereum to be able to out on top of Ethereum to be able to kind of band-aid those gaps uh or you kind of band-aid those gaps uh or you kind of band-aid those gaps uh or you know have workarounds to be able to know have workarounds to be able to know have workarounds to be able to facilitate transactions facilitate transactions facilitate transactions um between counterparties that have um between counterparties that have um between counterparties that have developed you know DeFi applications uh developed you know DeFi applications uh developed you know DeFi applications uh either on Ethereum itself or on layer 2. either on Ethereum itself or on layer 2. either on Ethereum itself or on layer 2. Um Um Um I I think the EVM, which is the Ethereum I I think the EVM, which is the Ethereum I I think the EVM, which is the Ethereum virtual machine, will be used in a bunch virtual machine, will be used in a bunch virtual machine, will be used in a bunch of different applications, but Ethereum, of different applications, but Ethereum, of different applications, but Ethereum, the blockchain itself. the blockchain itself. the blockchain itself. Um Um Um really hasn't lived up to the hype over really hasn't lived up to the hype over really hasn't lived up to the hype over the long term that was set out by the long term that was set out by the long term that was set out by Vitalik and Joseph Luben. You know, it Vitalik and Joseph Luben. You know, it Vitalik and Joseph Luben. You know, it took them a long time to migrate from took them a long time to migrate from took them a long time to migrate from proof of work to proof of stake and it proof of work to proof of stake and it proof of work to proof of stake and it really didn't do much for the throughput really didn't do much for the throughput really didn't do much for the throughput and cost uh on that network. Um it, you and cost uh on that network. Um it, you and cost uh on that network. Um it, you know, it's a mainstay. I don't think know, it's a mainstay. I don't think know, it's a mainstay. I don't think it's going to go anywhere. Um but again, it's going to go anywhere. Um but again, it's going to go anywhere. Um but again, you know, Bitcoin and Ethereum I kind of you know, Bitcoin and Ethereum I kind of you know, Bitcoin and Ethereum I kind of view as the Nabster or the Alta Vista uh view as the Nabster or the Alta Vista uh view as the Nabster or the Alta Vista uh of crypto. Both of those are first of crypto. Both of those are first of crypto. Both of those are first movers. They have large market share. movers. They have large market share. movers. They have large market share. They disrupted industries. They have um They disrupted industries. They have um They disrupted industries. They have um you know unique technologies that a you know unique technologies that a you know unique technologies that a portion of it will be used in the portion of it will be used in the portion of it will be used in the future. uh however you know as better future. uh however you know as better future. uh however you know as better options come to market that are uh more options come to market that are uh more options come to market that are uh more secure uh higher throughput lower cost I secure uh higher throughput lower cost I secure uh higher throughput lower cost I think that those will see the adoption think that those will see the adoption think that those will see the adoption and we've already seen that transition and we've already seen that transition and we've already seen that transition once in the past with Ethereum Ethereum once in the past with Ethereum Ethereum once in the past with Ethereum Ethereum originally uh had the majority of the originally uh had the majority of the originally uh had the majority of the NFTts issued on that blockchain um you NFTts issued on that blockchain um you NFTts issued on that blockchain um you know port apach club and many of the know port apach club and many of the know port apach club and many of the other things that happened in 2021 were other things that happened in 2021 were other things that happened in 2021 were on that on that network um and then we on that on that network um and then we on that on that network um and then we saw a large migration for memecoins uh saw a large migration for memecoins uh saw a large migration for memecoins uh and NFTTS and NFTTS and NFTTS um um um you know over to Salana uh in this last you know over to Salana uh in this last you know over to Salana uh in this last cycle because Salana has much higher cycle because Salana has much higher cycle because Salana has much higher throughput and much lower cost than throughput and much lower cost than throughput and much lower cost than Ethereum. I I think the same will be Ethereum. I I think the same will be Ethereum. I I think the same will be true as some of these other networks true as some of these other networks true as some of these other networks like the XRPL, like the XRPL, like the XRPL, Hideera and XLM come into vogue during Hideera and XLM come into vogue during Hideera and XLM come into vogue during this next utility phase uh of the this next utility phase uh of the this next utility phase uh of the application or adoption um of this asset application or adoption um of this asset application or adoption um of this asset class and these protocols. class and these protocols. class and these protocols. So I don't really view it as a threat. So I don't really view it as a threat. So I don't really view it as a threat. Uh I think it's great in the fact that Uh I think it's great in the fact that Uh I think it's great in the fact that it disrupted an industry and created a it disrupted an industry and created a it disrupted an industry and created a whole new vertical for contracts. Uh, whole new vertical for contracts. Uh, whole new vertical for contracts. Uh, but I think that there are much better but I think that there are much better but I think that there are much better networks that can facilitate that at networks that can facilitate that at networks that can facilitate that at scale versus Ethereum over the long scale versus Ethereum over the long scale versus Ethereum over the long term. All right, Brad, Mr. Bryson, he says, All right, Brad, Mr. Bryson, he says, All right, Brad, Mr. Bryson, he says, "Hey Jay, outside of a supply shock, how "Hey Jay, outside of a supply shock, how "Hey Jay, outside of a supply shock, how would the mechanics work in the future would the mechanics work in the future would the mechanics work in the future for Ripple institutions with the escrow for Ripple institutions with the escrow for Ripple institutions with the escrow being locked up? They can't use it until being locked up? They can't use it until being locked up? They can't use it until it's released, right? Or how does that it's released, right? Or how does that it's released, right? Or how does that work?" Uh well, a billion uh is released work?" Uh well, a billion uh is released work?" Uh well, a billion uh is released each each month on the first of the each each month on the first of the each each month on the first of the month. Um 12:00 p.m. or sorry, 12 a.m. month. Um 12:00 p.m. or sorry, 12 a.m. month. Um 12:00 p.m. or sorry, 12 a.m. uh UTC uh is when that's unlocked. Uh uh UTC uh is when that's unlocked. Uh uh UTC uh is when that's unlocked. Uh anybody can go in there and actually, anybody can go in there and actually, anybody can go in there and actually, you know, unlock the escrow and release you know, unlock the escrow and release you know, unlock the escrow and release the XRP. Uh that was put out by VET and the XRP. Uh that was put out by VET and the XRP. Uh that was put out by VET and he actually went out and did that one he actually went out and did that one he actually went out and did that one time when I was saying, "Hey, they time when I was saying, "Hey, they time when I was saying, "Hey, they haven't, you know, taken the escrow out haven't, you know, taken the escrow out haven't, you know, taken the escrow out yet." yet." yet." it goes to a wallet that Ripple it goes to a wallet that Ripple it goes to a wallet that Ripple controls, right? So, they then get to controls, right? So, they then get to controls, right? So, they then get to make that distribution, do what they're make that distribution, do what they're make that distribution, do what they're going to do with it. Uh whether that's, going to do with it. Uh whether that's, going to do with it. Uh whether that's, you know, re-escrow a portion of it like you know, re-escrow a portion of it like you know, re-escrow a portion of it like they have for the majority of the time they have for the majority of the time they have for the majority of the time that they've had those releases, the, that they've had those releases, the, that they've had those releases, the, you know, the last couple years it's you know, the last couple years it's you know, the last couple years it's been 700 million that they've reescroed been 700 million that they've reescroed been 700 million that they've reescroed on the back end of the note. Um they on the back end of the note. Um they on the back end of the note. Um they have over 50 wallets that that escrow is have over 50 wallets that that escrow is have over 50 wallets that that escrow is released to at this point. released to at this point. released to at this point. um they normally take about 300 million um they normally take about 300 million um they normally take about 300 million and put it on the market and sell that and put it on the market and sell that and put it on the market and sell that each month to be able to generate cash each month to be able to generate cash each month to be able to generate cash flow for their business and you know do flow for their business and you know do flow for their business and you know do other things with buy shares back do you other things with buy shares back do you other things with buy shares back do you know whatever else they're doing scaling know whatever else they're doing scaling know whatever else they're doing scaling um institutional partnerships gain um institutional partnerships gain um institutional partnerships gain adoption for XRP adoption for XRP adoption for XRP which is their north star you know I which is their north star you know I which is their north star you know I still think people don't understand still think people don't understand still think people don't understand the order of events that have to take the order of events that have to take the order of events that have to take place for XRP to see significant price place for XRP to see significant price place for XRP to see significant price appreciation and how Ripple plays an appreciation and how Ripple plays an appreciation and how Ripple plays an integral role integral role integral role um in helping that along they can't um in helping that along they can't um in helping that along they can't orchestrate it themselves otherwise it orchestrate it themselves otherwise it orchestrate it themselves otherwise it would be a security of Ripple so um they would be a security of Ripple so um they would be a security of Ripple so um they do you know have a large portion of the do you know have a large portion of the do you know have a large portion of the escrow uh or well yeah there's there escrow uh or well yeah there's there escrow uh or well yeah there's there anybody can escrow XRP on the XRPL by anybody can escrow XRP on the XRPL by anybody can escrow XRP on the XRPL by the way so if you want to go play with the way so if you want to go play with the way so if you want to go play with that function you can just go to XRP that function you can just go to XRP that function you can just go to XRP toolkit.com toolkit.com toolkit.com um and you can you know add your wallet um and you can you know add your wallet um and you can you know add your wallet address and you can play with the address and you can play with the address and you can play with the different functionality that's native on different functionality that's native on different functionality that's native on chain built into your wallets time chain built into your wallets time chain built into your wallets time escros are one of those. So, if you escros are one of those. So, if you escros are one of those. So, if you wanted to, you know, lock up some XRP wanted to, you know, lock up some XRP wanted to, you know, lock up some XRP over a period of time that would flow over a period of time that would flow over a period of time that would flow back to your wallet at a future date, back to your wallet at a future date, back to your wallet at a future date, you can do that. Um, I've done that with you can do that. Um, I've done that with you can do that. Um, I've done that with a large portion of what I have, so it'll a large portion of what I have, so it'll a large portion of what I have, so it'll come back to me, you know, uh, in the come back to me, you know, uh, in the come back to me, you know, uh, in the future, hopefully at a higher price than future, hopefully at a higher price than future, hopefully at a higher price than what it sits at today. Um, but all that what it sits at today. Um, but all that what it sits at today. Um, but all that being said, you know, with the Clarity being said, you know, with the Clarity being said, you know, with the Clarity Act, you know, no one company is Act, you know, no one company is Act, you know, no one company is supposed to be able to control more than supposed to be able to control more than supposed to be able to control more than 20% of a total supply. I think that 20% of a total supply. I think that 20% of a total supply. I think that because they have, you know, they've because they have, you know, they've because they have, you know, they've thought this through and they've got thought this through and they've got thought this through and they've got over 50 wallets that the escrow uh is over 50 wallets that the escrow uh is over 50 wallets that the escrow uh is going to over time, they could easily going to over time, they could easily going to over time, they could easily um, you know, transfer those wallets or um, you know, transfer those wallets or um, you know, transfer those wallets or the keys to those wallets or access to the keys to those wallets or access to the keys to those wallets or access to those wallets to a larger body, the US those wallets to a larger body, the US those wallets to a larger body, the US government. people that had, you know, government. people that had, you know, government. people that had, you know, um, pre-negotiated options on certain um, pre-negotiated options on certain um, pre-negotiated options on certain amounts of XRP could redeem that XRP as amounts of XRP could redeem that XRP as amounts of XRP could redeem that XRP as it was released from X escrow over time it was released from X escrow over time it was released from X escrow over time to those additional wallets. Um, there's to those additional wallets. Um, there's to those additional wallets. Um, there's lots of different ways that they could lots of different ways that they could lots of different ways that they could orchestrate that in order to be able to orchestrate that in order to be able to orchestrate that in order to be able to meet that, you know, regulation if it meet that, you know, regulation if it meet that, you know, regulation if it were passed, which again, I'm still were passed, which again, I'm still were passed, which again, I'm still skeptical on the Clarity Act. I would skeptical on the Clarity Act. I would skeptical on the Clarity Act. I would love to see it happen just like love to see it happen just like love to see it happen just like everybody else would. I was literally everybody else would. I was literally everybody else would. I was literally advocating it for it last year on advocating it for it last year on advocating it for it last year on Capitol Hill alongside the Genius Act Capitol Hill alongside the Genius Act Capitol Hill alongside the Genius Act during the summer when we got the Genius during the summer when we got the Genius during the summer when we got the Genius Act passed. Um, but with as long as it's Act passed. Um, but with as long as it's Act passed. Um, but with as long as it's taken and them just now passing the taken and them just now passing the taken and them just now passing the markup, we're supposed to see it on the markup, we're supposed to see it on the markup, we're supposed to see it on the Senate floor within the next 30 days. Senate floor within the next 30 days. Senate floor within the next 30 days. Uh, I'm hopeful that the Senate actually Uh, I'm hopeful that the Senate actually Uh, I'm hopeful that the Senate actually passes that. Uh, but with the amount passes that. Uh, but with the amount passes that. Uh, but with the amount that they struck out of the bill that that they struck out of the bill that that they struck out of the bill that the Democrats had put in there, I don't the Democrats had put in there, I don't the Democrats had put in there, I don't know that they're going to get the know that they're going to get the know that they're going to get the additional five to seven votes that they additional five to seven votes that they additional five to seven votes that they need for that to actually be able to need for that to actually be able to need for that to actually be able to pass the Senate when they do put it up pass the Senate when they do put it up pass the Senate when they do put it up for a vote. Um, if they do, it would for a vote. Um, if they do, it would for a vote. Um, if they do, it would then have to go to the House. The House then have to go to the House. The House then have to go to the House. The House is primarily Republican, so they should is primarily Republican, so they should is primarily Republican, so they should be able to get it through there. Uh, and be able to get it through there. Uh, and be able to get it through there. Uh, and then, you know, again, to the then, you know, again, to the then, you know, again, to the president's desk in order to be able to president's desk in order to be able to president's desk in order to be able to get him to sign that into law. Um, get him to sign that into law. Um, get him to sign that into law. Um, ideally, you know, people are talking ideally, you know, people are talking ideally, you know, people are talking about July 4th, that being passed. about July 4th, that being passed. about July 4th, that being passed. Again, would love to see it. I just I'm Again, would love to see it. I just I'm Again, would love to see it. I just I'm very skeptical that um that's going to very skeptical that um that's going to very skeptical that um that's going to end up taking place here in 2026 with end up taking place here in 2026 with end up taking place here in 2026 with midterms, the PACE Act, the Save Act, midterms, the PACE Act, the Save Act, midterms, the PACE Act, the Save Act, and other things kind of on the docket and other things kind of on the docket and other things kind of on the docket for Congress's attention. Um, I'm I am I'm still giving it about a 5% I'm I am I'm still giving it about a 5% I'm I am I'm still giving it about a 5% chance that it passes. Uh, and again, chance that it passes. Uh, and again, chance that it passes. Uh, and again, would love to see that 5% happen, but would love to see that 5% happen, but would love to see that 5% happen, but not overly convinced that it's going to not overly convinced that it's going to not overly convinced that it's going to be able to they're going to be able to be able to they're going to be able to be able to they're going to be able to get it done. get it done. get it done. Um, every day Scout says, "Amendment 77 Um, every day Scout says, "Amendment 77 Um, every day Scout says, "Amendment 77 in the Clarity Act. Let's talk about it. in the Clarity Act. Let's talk about it. in the Clarity Act. Let's talk about it. How does amendment 77 hurt XRP?" How does amendment 77 hurt XRP?" How does amendment 77 hurt XRP?" Um, I don't know what that is. So, we're Um, I don't know what that is. So, we're Um, I don't know what that is. So, we're gonna ask 77 and um says proposed change submitted by um says proposed change submitted by um says proposed change submitted by Elizabeth Warren, of course, um is Elizabeth Warren, of course, um is Elizabeth Warren, of course, um is primarily for the purpose to strike the primarily for the purpose to strike the primarily for the purpose to strike the bill's grandfather clause, which was bill's grandfather clause, which was bill's grandfather clause, which was originally designed to protect originally designed to protect originally designed to protect established digital assets from being established digital assets from being established digital assets from being retroactively classified as regulated retroactively classified as regulated retroactively classified as regulated securities. securities. securities. Um, Um, Um, clarity act causes clarity act causes clarity act causes uh clause shields uh clause shields uh clause shields uh that cloud shields existing digital uh that cloud shields existing digital uh that cloud shields existing digital commodities from being unexpectedly commodities from being unexpectedly commodities from being unexpectedly treated as securities. Uh, amendment 77 treated as securities. Uh, amendment 77 treated as securities. Uh, amendment 77 seeks to eliminate this protection which seeks to eliminate this protection which seeks to eliminate this protection which would open up established tokens to would open up established tokens to would open up established tokens to retroactive regulation. retroactive regulation. retroactive regulation. Um XRP obviously has that designation Um XRP obviously has that designation Um XRP obviously has that designation from the CFTC and also from the case uh from the CFTC and also from the case uh from the CFTC and also from the case uh with you know between the SEC and Ripple with you know between the SEC and Ripple with you know between the SEC and Ripple when the judge decided that on you know when the judge decided that on you know when the judge decided that on you know July 13th uh 2023 she ruled that XRP in July 13th uh 2023 she ruled that XRP in July 13th uh 2023 she ruled that XRP in and of itself is not a security. Um, and of itself is not a security. Um, and of itself is not a security. Um, so if it were to pass as it sits, that so if it were to pass as it sits, that so if it were to pass as it sits, that would remove uh XRP's would remove uh XRP's would remove uh XRP's um, you know, for sure clarity at this um, you know, for sure clarity at this um, you know, for sure clarity at this point. point. point. Again, I don't think it's going to get Again, I don't think it's going to get Again, I don't think it's going to get passed. Just my two cents. passed. Just my two cents. passed. Just my two cents. Uh, Joseph, good to see you. He says, Uh, Joseph, good to see you. He says, Uh, Joseph, good to see you. He says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, there's a YouTuber who's "Hey, Jake. Uh, there's a YouTuber who's "Hey, Jake. Uh, there's a YouTuber who's popular on the Beyond Mastermind. His popular on the Beyond Mastermind. His popular on the Beyond Mastermind. His central thesis is that XRP price will be central thesis is that XRP price will be central thesis is that XRP price will be set administratively by the BIS, set administratively by the BIS, set administratively by the BIS, governments, international banks. Uh, governments, international banks. Uh, governments, international banks. Uh, put your tinfold hat on for a minute. Is put your tinfold hat on for a minute. Is put your tinfold hat on for a minute. Is there a way this could be true? I mean, there a way this could be true? I mean, there a way this could be true? I mean, sure, the BIS could come out and say sure, the BIS could come out and say sure, the BIS could come out and say this is what the price of XRP is going this is what the price of XRP is going this is what the price of XRP is going to be. But my whole premise behind why I to be. But my whole premise behind why I to be. But my whole premise behind why I kind of disagree with that is kind of disagree with that is kind of disagree with that is you need flexibility in the price. you you need flexibility in the price. you you need flexibility in the price. you need it to be dynamic in order to need it to be dynamic in order to need it to be dynamic in order to continue to absorb liquidity and and continue to absorb liquidity and and continue to absorb liquidity and and change in value as more volume moves change in value as more volume moves change in value as more volume moves onto the network. And if you have a onto the network. And if you have a onto the network. And if you have a fixed value or price for it, it it fixed value or price for it, it it fixed value or price for it, it it really truncates its ability to do that. really truncates its ability to do that. really truncates its ability to do that. It becomes inflexible or rigid. Um, so It becomes inflexible or rigid. Um, so It becomes inflexible or rigid. Um, so for me, you know, my theory, and we all for me, you know, my theory, and we all for me, you know, my theory, and we all want the same thing, by the way, I'd be want the same thing, by the way, I'd be want the same thing, by the way, I'd be happy either direction, just so that I'm happy either direction, just so that I'm happy either direction, just so that I'm clear on that. I'm not saying anybody's clear on that. I'm not saying anybody's clear on that. I'm not saying anybody's wrong here. I have my thesis. I think wrong here. I have my thesis. I think wrong here. I have my thesis. I think other people have their thesis. We get other people have their thesis. We get other people have their thesis. We get to the same end goal, which we all know to the same end goal, which we all know to the same end goal, which we all know is going to happen. So again, is going to happen. So again, is going to happen. So again, non-financial advice, do your own non-financial advice, do your own non-financial advice, do your own research. Can't tell you what the research. Can't tell you what the research. Can't tell you what the future's going to hold. Previous returns future's going to hold. Previous returns future's going to hold. Previous returns aren't indicative of future performance. aren't indicative of future performance. aren't indicative of future performance. All the disclaimers there. Um, but you All the disclaimers there. Um, but you All the disclaimers there. Um, but you know, that being said, the BIS could know, that being said, the BIS could know, that being said, the BIS could could come out and say, "Hey, XRP is could come out and say, "Hey, XRP is could come out and say, "Hey, XRP is 2,000 bucks." 2,000 bucks." 2,000 bucks." Um, and you know, Ripple could give them Um, and you know, Ripple could give them Um, and you know, Ripple could give them a large portion of the supply through a large portion of the supply through a large portion of the supply through force majour. Uh, or again, force majour. Uh, or again, force majour. Uh, or again, pre-negotiated options or contracts on pre-negotiated options or contracts on pre-negotiated options or contracts on the XRP that they set up with 1,700 NDAs the XRP that they set up with 1,700 NDAs the XRP that they set up with 1,700 NDAs that they have. Um, and then they tell that they have. Um, and then they tell that they have. Um, and then they tell the banks what it's worth and that's the banks what it's worth and that's the banks what it's worth and that's where they set it on the balance sheet. where they set it on the balance sheet. where they set it on the balance sheet. For me, like For me, like For me, like it. So, if you read the white paper that it. So, if you read the white paper that it. So, if you read the white paper that the IMF wrote back in 2014 where they the IMF wrote back in 2014 where they the IMF wrote back in 2014 where they talked about an exchange rate peg, that talked about an exchange rate peg, that talked about an exchange rate peg, that asset has to be flexible. It can't be a asset has to be flexible. It can't be a asset has to be flexible. It can't be a fixed denominated amount. Um, and so fixed denominated amount. Um, and so fixed denominated amount. Um, and so that's where, you know, I kind of differ that's where, you know, I kind of differ that's where, you know, I kind of differ on that. Again, it's kind of logistics on that. Again, it's kind of logistics on that. Again, it's kind of logistics on how we get there. I don't really care on how we get there. I don't really care on how we get there. I don't really care who's right at the end of the day. Uh, who's right at the end of the day. Uh, who's right at the end of the day. Uh, we know where it's going and how it's we know where it's going and how it's we know where it's going and how it's going to be used. Uh, but my tenfold hat going to be used. Uh, but my tenfold hat going to be used. Uh, but my tenfold hat says that, you know, Black Rockck's says that, you know, Black Rockck's says that, you know, Black Rockck's going to launch their ETF. Exchanges are going to launch their ETF. Exchanges are going to launch their ETF. Exchanges are going to go illquid. Markets are going going to go illquid. Markets are going going to go illquid. Markets are going to go illquid. You're going to see a ton to go illquid. You're going to see a ton to go illquid. You're going to see a ton of liquidity rotate into XRP. Huge of liquidity rotate into XRP. Huge of liquidity rotate into XRP. Huge amounts of demand on the exchanges, amounts of demand on the exchanges, amounts of demand on the exchanges, pushing the price to where it needs to pushing the price to where it needs to pushing the price to where it needs to be for them to start using it at scale be for them to start using it at scale be for them to start using it at scale to be able to settle the back into to be able to settle the back into to be able to settle the back into markets. That additional volume is going markets. That additional volume is going markets. That additional volume is going to continue to drive price after a to continue to drive price after a to continue to drive price after a certain point. Um, and it doesn't need certain point. Um, and it doesn't need certain point. Um, and it doesn't need to be reset administratively in order to to be reset administratively in order to to be reset administratively in order to be able to accomplish the goal and be able to accomplish the goal and be able to accomplish the goal and maintain flexibility as markets continue maintain flexibility as markets continue maintain flexibility as markets continue to grow uh over time. to grow uh over time. to grow uh over time. Again, that's just my thesis, but uh, Again, that's just my thesis, but uh, Again, that's just my thesis, but uh, you know, people are going to you know, people are going to you know, people are going to pontificate on different outcomes and pontificate on different outcomes and pontificate on different outcomes and how it how it could be how it could how it how it could be how it could how it how it could be how it could happen. Uh, and I'm glad that there's happen. Uh, and I'm glad that there's happen. Uh, and I'm glad that there's other people out there talking about other people out there talking about other people out there talking about significantly higher prices for XRP significantly higher prices for XRP significantly higher prices for XRP outside myself. So, uh, glad to have you outside myself. So, uh, glad to have you outside myself. So, uh, glad to have you in the mastermind. If you want to join in the mastermind. If you want to join in the mastermind. If you want to join the mastermind and you're watching this, the mastermind and you're watching this, the mastermind and you're watching this, we would love to have you in there. All we would love to have you in there. All we would love to have you in there. All you got to do is go to beyondbroke.com you got to do is go to beyondbroke.com you got to do is go to beyondbroke.com and use the code beyondbroke all and use the code beyondbroke all and use the code beyondbroke all capitalized the number one and then m o capitalized the number one and then m o capitalized the number one and then m o like Mary Oscar gets you the first month like Mary Oscar gets you the first month like Mary Oscar gets you the first month for two bucks uh there in carbon one or for two bucks uh there in carbon one or for two bucks uh there in carbon one or social. Try it out monthto monthth no social. Try it out monthto monthth no social. Try it out monthto monthth no contract. Um close to 17,000 people contract. Um close to 17,000 people contract. Um close to 17,000 people there in the mastermind and um there in the mastermind and um there in the mastermind and um again I I'm very proud of the culture again I I'm very proud of the culture again I I'm very proud of the culture that we have there. um very biased um that we have there. um very biased um that we have there. um very biased um but we do more in real life events than but we do more in real life events than but we do more in real life events than any other community. We're run private any other community. We're run private any other community. We're run private deals. We do financial education, deals. We do financial education, deals. We do financial education, provide business resources. We have provide business resources. We have provide business resources. We have unique speakers come in there and unique speakers come in there and unique speakers come in there and provide education on different topics. provide education on different topics. provide education on different topics. Um you know, business credit, personal Um you know, business credit, personal Um you know, business credit, personal credit, uh M&amp;A, um credit, uh M&amp;A, um credit, uh M&amp;A, um insurance, estate planning, taxes, uh insurance, estate planning, taxes, uh insurance, estate planning, taxes, uh all of the like, you know, uh we want to all of the like, you know, uh we want to all of the like, you know, uh we want to make sure that people have access to make sure that people have access to make sure that people have access to really good resources. So, if any of really good resources. So, if any of really good resources. So, if any of that sounds cool to you and you want to that sounds cool to you and you want to that sounds cool to you and you want to try it out, we would love to have you in try it out, we would love to have you in try it out, we would love to have you in there. Again, beyondbroke.com and use there. Again, beyondbroke.com and use there. Again, beyondbroke.com and use the code beyondbroke all capitalized the code beyondbroke all capitalized the code beyondbroke all capitalized number one and then M O like Mary Oscar number one and then M O like Mary Oscar number one and then M O like Mary Oscar gets you the first month for two bucks. gets you the first month for two bucks. gets you the first month for two bucks. 589 on the super chat. Uh he says, 589 on the super chat. Uh he says, 589 on the super chat. Uh he says, "Legend. Uh when are we getting Dodge "Legend. Uh when are we getting Dodge "Legend. Uh when are we getting Dodge Vipers? I want to drop the clutch on uh Vipers? I want to drop the clutch on uh Vipers? I want to drop the clutch on uh my ex's driveway. Uh why is the OC my ex's driveway. Uh why is the OC my ex's driveway. Uh why is the OC guidance taking so long? Uh I need a guidance taking so long? Uh I need a guidance taking so long? Uh I need a jet. Uh, awesome jet. Uh, awesome jet. Uh, awesome telling me, dude. Um, telling me, dude. Um, telling me, dude. Um, I mean, so the OC can bring their I mean, so the OC can bring their I mean, so the OC can bring their guidance to market anytime before July guidance to market anytime before July guidance to market anytime before July 18th, uh, is the deadline for that. Uh, 18th, uh, is the deadline for that. Uh, 18th, uh, is the deadline for that. Uh, again, with, um, the again, with, um, the again, with, um, the Japan coming out about the regulation Japan coming out about the regulation Japan coming out about the regulation for stable coins on June 1st, maybe for stable coins on June 1st, maybe for stable coins on June 1st, maybe that's a tell on on time frames for that's a tell on on time frames for that's a tell on on time frames for things. Uh again with the tokenization things. Uh again with the tokenization things. Uh again with the tokenization of the stock market in July being rolled of the stock market in July being rolled of the stock market in July being rolled out in Q3 and then you know kind of out in Q3 and then you know kind of out in Q3 and then you know kind of upped there in Q4. Uh I think that um upped there in Q4. Uh I think that um upped there in Q4. Uh I think that um you know we need a significantly higher you know we need a significantly higher you know we need a significantly higher price for XRP and back in settlement of price for XRP and back in settlement of price for XRP and back in settlement of the stock market for the DTCC and the stock market for the DTCC and the stock market for the DTCC and project ion prior to the tokenization of project ion prior to the tokenization of project ion prior to the tokenization of the stock market. Um, so again, I've the stock market. Um, so again, I've the stock market. Um, so again, I've said this multiple times here on on this said this multiple times here on on this said this multiple times here on on this channel, but uh watching May, June, July channel, but uh watching May, June, July channel, but uh watching May, June, July pretty closely to see what all is going pretty closely to see what all is going pretty closely to see what all is going to play out. I don't think Japan can to play out. I don't think Japan can to play out. I don't think Japan can kick the can further down the road uh kick the can further down the road uh kick the can further down the road uh than July of this year. than July of this year. than July of this year. Uh the nail pounder, the old nail Uh the nail pounder, the old nail Uh the nail pounder, the old nail pounder, excuse me, he says, "Uh JC the pounder, excuse me, he says, "Uh JC the pounder, excuse me, he says, "Uh JC the legend and tea queen. Um legend and tea queen. Um legend and tea queen. Um appreciate you, dude. Can you give us appreciate you, dude. Can you give us appreciate you, dude. Can you give us the lowdown on H bar? God bless the the lowdown on H bar? God bless the the lowdown on H bar? God bless the Claver family and DAG family. Uh looking Claver family and DAG family. Uh looking Claver family and DAG family. Uh looking thanks for looking out for us, the thanks for looking out for us, the thanks for looking out for us, the little guy. Um thank you, dude. little guy. Um thank you, dude. little guy. Um thank you, dude. Appreciate the the kind words and the Appreciate the the kind words and the Appreciate the the kind words and the support. Um as far as H bar goes, you support. Um as far as H bar goes, you support. Um as far as H bar goes, you know, that's it's in my top three. Uh know, that's it's in my top three. Uh know, that's it's in my top three. Uh XRP, HAR, and Hash are kind of the XRP, HAR, and Hash are kind of the XRP, HAR, and Hash are kind of the things that uh I personally, you know, things that uh I personally, you know, things that uh I personally, you know, think are going to do the best over the think are going to do the best over the think are going to do the best over the coming decade. Um again, could be wrong coming decade. Um again, could be wrong coming decade. Um again, could be wrong there. non-financial advice. Do your own there. non-financial advice. Do your own there. non-financial advice. Do your own research. I'll speak to HAR and what I research. I'll speak to HAR and what I research. I'll speak to HAR and what I think it's going to be used for and why. think it's going to be used for and why. think it's going to be used for and why. So, the the council that Hideera has has So, the the council that Hideera has has So, the the council that Hideera has has 39 seats on it. Each one of those seats 39 seats on it. Each one of those seats 39 seats on it. Each one of those seats can uh has to rotate every six years. Uh can uh has to rotate every six years. Uh can uh has to rotate every six years. Uh they have many large corporations and they have many large corporations and they have many large corporations and entities uh in those seats currently. entities uh in those seats currently. entities uh in those seats currently. Got Google, IBM, Boeing, Dell um and Got Google, IBM, Boeing, Dell um and Got Google, IBM, Boeing, Dell um and multiple banks uh on that you know multiple banks uh on that you know multiple banks uh on that you know governance council. Um, so I don't know governance council. Um, so I don't know governance council. Um, so I don't know why they would be on the governance why they would be on the governance why they would be on the governance council unless they were actually going council unless they were actually going council unless they were actually going to use the technology. Uh, HBAR is also to use the technology. Uh, HBAR is also to use the technology. Uh, HBAR is also here in my backyard up in Plano in here in my backyard up in Plano in here in my backyard up in Plano in Texas. So the Hideera Foundation uh, and Texas. So the Hideera Foundation uh, and Texas. So the Hideera Foundation uh, and their their corporation is is located their their corporation is is located their their corporation is is located here. Um, so again, take it with a grain here. Um, so again, take it with a grain here. Um, so again, take it with a grain of salt. I'm biased. You know, they are of salt. I'm biased. You know, they are of salt. I'm biased. You know, they are a Texas company. Um I think that the a Texas company. Um I think that the a Texas company. Um I think that the majority of DAPs in the future or majority of DAPs in the future or majority of DAPs in the future or decentralized applications will be built decentralized applications will be built decentralized applications will be built out on HAR. Digital identity around out on HAR. Digital identity around out on HAR. Digital identity around HIPPA compliance for health records uh I HIPPA compliance for health records uh I HIPPA compliance for health records uh I think is a huge you know market for HAR. think is a huge you know market for HAR. think is a huge you know market for HAR. Um you know a lot of proprietary data Um you know a lot of proprietary data Um you know a lot of proprietary data and security around data uh I think is and security around data uh I think is and security around data uh I think is what HAR is really good at and will be what HAR is really good at and will be what HAR is really good at and will be used for. The fees on uh HAR's network used for. The fees on uh HAR's network used for. The fees on uh HAR's network are fixed and they're dollar are fixed and they're dollar are fixed and they're dollar denominated. Uh so obviously a US-based denominated. Uh so obviously a US-based denominated. Uh so obviously a US-based uh cryptocurrency uh and would also uh cryptocurrency uh and would also uh cryptocurrency uh and would also benefit from you know Trump coming out benefit from you know Trump coming out benefit from you know Trump coming out with no capital gains tax on um you know with no capital gains tax on um you know with no capital gains tax on um you know domestic cryptos uh or companies that domestic cryptos uh or companies that domestic cryptos uh or companies that are you know created cryptos for things are you know created cryptos for things are you know created cryptos for things here in the US. Um they have their here in the US. Um they have their here in the US. Um they have their stable coin factory. Uh they now have stable coin factory. Uh they now have stable coin factory. Uh they now have like an atomic swap mechanism that they like an atomic swap mechanism that they like an atomic swap mechanism that they rolled out at Hideeracon. rolled out at Hideeracon. rolled out at Hideeracon. um just a lot of fantastic technology um just a lot of fantastic technology um just a lot of fantastic technology built into that network and it's built into that network and it's built into that network and it's hashgraph. It's not blockchain. It's a hashgraph. It's not blockchain. It's a hashgraph. It's not blockchain. It's a different uh asyclic graph. different uh asyclic graph. different uh asyclic graph. Um it's not as it's actually a Um it's not as it's actually a Um it's not as it's actually a hashgraph. Um it's completely different hashgraph. Um it's completely different hashgraph. Um it's completely different than an asyclic graph or um a than an asyclic graph or um a than an asyclic graph or um a traditional blockchain and that's why traditional blockchain and that's why traditional blockchain and that's why it's more secure. It has higher has high it's more secure. It has higher has high it's more secure. It has higher has high throughput similar to XRP. Um it can throughput similar to XRP. Um it can throughput similar to XRP. Um it can facilitate payments. Um, but I think facilitate payments. Um, but I think facilitate payments. Um, but I think it's going to be primarily used to be it's going to be primarily used to be it's going to be primarily used to be able to facilitate secure data transfer able to facilitate secure data transfer able to facilitate secure data transfer between counterparties. between counterparties. between counterparties. So, I've got multiple videos on the So, I've got multiple videos on the So, I've got multiple videos on the channel. Uh, if you want to go check channel. Uh, if you want to go check channel. Uh, if you want to go check those out, I would encourage you to do those out, I would encourage you to do those out, I would encourage you to do so. Again, big fan of HAR so. Again, big fan of HAR so. Again, big fan of HAR uh, and do think that we'll see high uh, and do think that we'll see high uh, and do think that we'll see high prices over the coming decade. prices over the coming decade. prices over the coming decade. Um, this person says, "We are Um, this person says, "We are Um, this person says, "We are disobedient claites uh in the disobedient claites uh in the disobedient claites uh in the wilderness, bare market, uh, ignoring wilderness, bare market, uh, ignoring wilderness, bare market, uh, ignoring stone tablets, the domino theory, and stone tablets, the domino theory, and stone tablets, the domino theory, and worshiping the golden calf meme coins. Appreciate the uh the super chat and the Appreciate the uh the super chat and the Appreciate the uh the super chat and the laugh." Um, they say, this one's uh, laugh." Um, they say, this one's uh, laugh." Um, they say, this one's uh, Tokyo City. Uh, they say, "What's your Tokyo City. Uh, they say, "What's your Tokyo City. Uh, they say, "What's your take on the new Drake albums?" take on the new Drake albums?" take on the new Drake albums?" You know what? Candidly, I don't You know what? Candidly, I don't You know what? Candidly, I don't remember the last time I listened to the remember the last time I listened to the remember the last time I listened to the radio. radio. radio. Um, if I'm driving, uh, I listen to Um, if I'm driving, uh, I listen to Um, if I'm driving, uh, I listen to house music, house music, house music, uh, or, uh, audio books or, uh, or, uh, audio books or, uh, or, uh, audio books or, um, other YouTube channels to be able to um, other YouTube channels to be able to um, other YouTube channels to be able to look through, you know, the macro and look through, you know, the macro and look through, you know, the macro and other people's opinions on things or other people's opinions on things or other people's opinions on things or financial education. Um, I listened to Drake's first album when I listened to Drake's first album when I listened to Drake's first album when it came out when I was in high school, it came out when I was in high school, it came out when I was in high school, long time ago. Uh, so I couldn't tell long time ago. Uh, so I couldn't tell long time ago. Uh, so I couldn't tell you. I don't know what songs are on it. you. I don't know what songs are on it. you. I don't know what songs are on it. Um, I'm not cool anymore. Pop culture Um, I'm not cool anymore. Pop culture Um, I'm not cool anymore. Pop culture and all of that. Like I don't I don't and all of that. Like I don't I don't and all of that. Like I don't I don't watch the Kardashians or or any of that watch the Kardashians or or any of that watch the Kardashians or or any of that stuff. Um, you know, Jersey Shore was stuff. Um, you know, Jersey Shore was stuff. Um, you know, Jersey Shore was kind of, you know, the last, uh, reality kind of, you know, the last, uh, reality kind of, you know, the last, uh, reality TV that I ever watched. Um, that was a TV that I ever watched. Um, that was a TV that I ever watched. Um, that was a long time ago, right? So, I'm probably long time ago, right? So, I'm probably long time ago, right? So, I'm probably not the person to ask about that stuff. not the person to ask about that stuff. not the person to ask about that stuff. Uh, this person says, "Jake with the Uh, this person says, "Jake with the Uh, this person says, "Jake with the house music." Look, like I was, you house music." Look, like I was, you house music." Look, like I was, you know, in Texas, we're big into our know, in Texas, we're big into our know, in Texas, we're big into our country, red dirt, you know, music. Um, country, red dirt, you know, music. Um, country, red dirt, you know, music. Um, and it's not that I have a problem with and it's not that I have a problem with and it's not that I have a problem with country or red dirt. Um but the the like country or red dirt. Um but the the like country or red dirt. Um but the the like some of the stigma about country is some of the stigma about country is some of the stigma about country is true. Uh a lot of it is kind of true. Uh a lot of it is kind of true. Uh a lot of it is kind of heartbreak um you know kind of woe is me heartbreak um you know kind of woe is me heartbreak um you know kind of woe is me type music and I try to stay upbeat on type music and I try to stay upbeat on type music and I try to stay upbeat on on stuff and sometimes I just don't want on stuff and sometimes I just don't want on stuff and sometimes I just don't want any lyrics and I just want you know any lyrics and I just want you know any lyrics and I just want you know something to occupy the background noise something to occupy the background noise something to occupy the background noise while I'm thinking about things. Uh so while I'm thinking about things. Uh so while I'm thinking about things. Uh so that's what I use house music for. So that's what I use house music for. So that's what I use house music for. So anyway, love it or hate it, I know anyway, love it or hate it, I know anyway, love it or hate it, I know there's a lot of different opinions there's a lot of different opinions there's a lot of different opinions about that out there, and I'm sure my ta about that out there, and I'm sure my ta about that out there, and I'm sure my ta my taste will continue to change as I my taste will continue to change as I my taste will continue to change as I get older. That's just, you know, my get older. That's just, you know, my get older. That's just, you know, my current situation and things that I current situation and things that I current situation and things that I listen to when I'm driving or traveling. listen to when I'm driving or traveling. listen to when I'm driving or traveling. Um, Big J K589 says, "When 65 and 66 go Um, Big J K589 says, "When 65 and 66 go Um, Big J K589 says, "When 65 and 66 go live, does Ripple change their escrow live, does Ripple change their escrow live, does Ripple change their escrow release to fund liquidity pools? Perhaps release to fund liquidity pools? Perhaps release to fund liquidity pools? Perhaps that XRP is owned by parties under NDA." that XRP is owned by parties under NDA." that XRP is owned by parties under NDA." uh issued stables. So, they cannot uh issued stables. So, they cannot uh issued stables. So, they cannot change the escrow release. It's always change the escrow release. It's always change the escrow release. It's always going to be a billion a month um on going to be a billion a month um on going to be a billion a month um on whatever time frames they've set out. Uh whatever time frames they've set out. Uh whatever time frames they've set out. Uh there are some people out there that there are some people out there that there are some people out there that have talked about, you know, the escrow have talked about, you know, the escrow have talked about, you know, the escrow being released around other being released around other being released around other considerations. considerations. considerations. I don't know how you do that. Again, I don't know how you do that. Again, I don't know how you do that. Again, I've used the XRP toolkit to escrow my I've used the XRP toolkit to escrow my I've used the XRP toolkit to escrow my own XRP or at least a portion of it. And own XRP or at least a portion of it. And own XRP or at least a portion of it. And I I don't know that there I I don't have I I don't know that there I I don't have I I don't know that there I I don't have another way to do it outside of a time another way to do it outside of a time another way to do it outside of a time lock. Um and so you escrow it and it lock. Um and so you escrow it and it lock. Um and so you escrow it and it goes back to whatever wallet you goes back to whatever wallet you goes back to whatever wallet you designate. So it could be your wallet designate. So it could be your wallet designate. So it could be your wallet that you escroed from or another wallet that you escroed from or another wallet that you escroed from or another wallet that you're escrowing to. Um, if you're that you're escrowing to. Um, if you're that you're escrowing to. Um, if you're doomed to it and it's the first time doomed to it and it's the first time doomed to it and it's the first time that you're messing with it, you know, I that you're messing with it, you know, I that you're messing with it, you know, I would I would do it for a 24-hour lock, would I would do it for a 24-hour lock, would I would do it for a 24-hour lock, um, or a little bit less than that and um, or a little bit less than that and um, or a little bit less than that and make it go back to the same wallet that make it go back to the same wallet that make it go back to the same wallet that you sent it from. Um, and go through an you sent it from. Um, and go through an you sent it from. Um, and go through an escro release just to be able to trial escro release just to be able to trial escro release just to be able to trial it and test it out so you're comfortable it and test it out so you're comfortable it and test it out so you're comfortable with it. Again, not making with it. Again, not making with it. Again, not making recommendations that anybody do any of recommendations that anybody do any of recommendations that anybody do any of this stuff. this stuff. this stuff. Just there there's tools at your Just there there's tools at your Just there there's tools at your disposal if you want to go learn about disposal if you want to go learn about disposal if you want to go learn about them and use them. Um but as far as 65 them and use them. Um but as far as 65 them and use them. Um but as far as 65 and 66 liquidity pools and borrow lend and 66 liquidity pools and borrow lend and 66 liquidity pools and borrow lend um once they're native on chain you know um once they're native on chain you know um once they're native on chain you know uh are going to be huge assets to the uh are going to be huge assets to the uh are going to be huge assets to the XRPL and I think will be used at scale XRPL and I think will be used at scale XRPL and I think will be used at scale Ripple will use it with the XRP that Ripple will use it with the XRP that Ripple will use it with the XRP that they have ever many others um to be able they have ever many others um to be able they have ever many others um to be able to generate returns. I don't think it's to generate returns. I don't think it's to generate returns. I don't think it's going to work the way that people think going to work the way that people think going to work the way that people think it's going to work. Uh so there's, you it's going to work. Uh so there's, you it's going to work. Uh so there's, you know, likely going to be some type of know, likely going to be some type of know, likely going to be some type of administrator on those pools that administrator on those pools that administrator on those pools that underwrites the risk on how things are underwrites the risk on how things are underwrites the risk on how things are being loaned. Uh probably, you know, an being loaned. Uh probably, you know, an being loaned. Uh probably, you know, an arbiter or attorney or something that's arbiter or attorney or something that's arbiter or attorney or something that's put in place to be able to uh navigate, put in place to be able to uh navigate, put in place to be able to uh navigate, you know, discrepancies or uh when you know, discrepancies or uh when you know, discrepancies or uh when people are mad at one another because people are mad at one another because people are mad at one another because somebody didn't make a payment or or somebody didn't make a payment or or somebody didn't make a payment or or something happens. something happens. something happens. um it's not just going to be, you know, um it's not just going to be, you know, um it's not just going to be, you know, a totally onchain application where a totally onchain application where a totally onchain application where there's no there's no there's no um off-chain activity. Uh otherwise, the um off-chain activity. Uh otherwise, the um off-chain activity. Uh otherwise, the banks are going to adopt those to be banks are going to adopt those to be banks are going to adopt those to be able to facilitate business at scale the able to facilitate business at scale the able to facilitate business at scale the way that they do. Over time, I think way that they do. Over time, I think way that they do. Over time, I think that that stuff will move on chain. Uh that that stuff will move on chain. Uh that that stuff will move on chain. Uh but in the beginning, a lot of the but in the beginning, a lot of the but in the beginning, a lot of the underwriting and risk and other stuff, underwriting and risk and other stuff, underwriting and risk and other stuff, it's just going to be the transactions it's just going to be the transactions it's just going to be the transactions that are happening on the blockchain. that are happening on the blockchain. that are happening on the blockchain. Um, Um, Um, but yeah, Ripple can't change the but yeah, Ripple can't change the but yeah, Ripple can't change the cadence of the escrow even if they cadence of the escrow even if they cadence of the escrow even if they wanted to. Uh, unless they're doing it wanted to. Uh, unless they're doing it wanted to. Uh, unless they're doing it on each of the new escros that they're on each of the new escros that they're on each of the new escros that they're relocking, which again, it's a public relocking, which again, it's a public relocking, which again, it's a public blockchain. You can go look those up if blockchain. You can go look those up if blockchain. You can go look those up if you want to. you want to. you want to. Um, Michael Apollo Jets, hey dude. Uh, Um, Michael Apollo Jets, hey dude. Uh, Um, Michael Apollo Jets, hey dude. Uh, he says, uh, big Jake love the t-shirt. he says, uh, big Jake love the t-shirt. he says, uh, big Jake love the t-shirt. Uh, Mike here. Have you heard anything Uh, Mike here. Have you heard anything Uh, Mike here. Have you heard anything about Goldman selling out of the 153 about Goldman selling out of the 153 about Goldman selling out of the 153 million XRP ETF position? Uh, I've been million XRP ETF position? Uh, I've been million XRP ETF position? Uh, I've been seeing it on social media. Japan is a seeing it on social media. Japan is a seeing it on social media. Japan is a powder keg waiting to happen. Uh, I powder keg waiting to happen. Uh, I powder keg waiting to happen. Uh, I agree on the Japan part. Uh, it does agree on the Japan part. Uh, it does agree on the Japan part. Uh, it does look like Goldman and City both exited look like Goldman and City both exited look like Goldman and City both exited their positions on the XRP ETFs when we their positions on the XRP ETFs when we their positions on the XRP ETFs when we got the markup passed through the, you got the markup passed through the, you got the markup passed through the, you know, for the Clarity Act. Um, look, know, for the Clarity Act. Um, look, know, for the Clarity Act. Um, look, their fiduciaries, if they see an their fiduciaries, if they see an their fiduciaries, if they see an opportunity in the market and they feel opportunity in the market and they feel opportunity in the market and they feel like, you know, they can buy back like, you know, they can buy back like, you know, they can buy back cheaper later, they're probably going to cheaper later, they're probably going to cheaper later, they're probably going to take some profits, if not all of their take some profits, if not all of their take some profits, if not all of their profits, uh, when it's advantageous to profits, uh, when it's advantageous to profits, uh, when it's advantageous to do so. So, it doesn't mean that they're do so. So, it doesn't mean that they're do so. So, it doesn't mean that they're out of the market. It doesn't mean that out of the market. It doesn't mean that out of the market. It doesn't mean that they don't have XRP on their balance they don't have XRP on their balance they don't have XRP on their balance sheet or an option contract with Ripple sheet or an option contract with Ripple sheet or an option contract with Ripple or some other counterparty to be able to or some other counterparty to be able to or some other counterparty to be able to hold XRP directly. Um, but for them to hold XRP directly. Um, but for them to hold XRP directly. Um, but for them to sell that ETF into that buy pressure sell that ETF into that buy pressure sell that ETF into that buy pressure that we saw doesn't surprise me. Again, that we saw doesn't surprise me. Again, that we saw doesn't surprise me. Again, they are opportunistic and there to make they are opportunistic and there to make they are opportunistic and there to make money. And if they felt like they could money. And if they felt like they could money. And if they felt like they could continue to average into the market for continue to average into the market for continue to average into the market for some duration of time and buy back at some duration of time and buy back at some duration of time and buy back at cheaper prices than what they were cheaper prices than what they were cheaper prices than what they were selling, that that's how you make money, at least for them. at least for them. at least for them. Um, Um, Um, this person says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, do you this person says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, do you this person says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, do you think the reverse carrier trade issue think the reverse carrier trade issue think the reverse carrier trade issue will cause the crypto market to crash? will cause the crypto market to crash? will cause the crypto market to crash? Love all you do. God bless you. Inspire Love all you do. God bless you. Inspire Love all you do. God bless you. Inspire me to get XRP." Um, awesome, dude. See, me to get XRP." Um, awesome, dude. See, me to get XRP." Um, awesome, dude. See, that's cool. Appreciate the kind words that's cool. Appreciate the kind words that's cool. Appreciate the kind words and the support. Um, I I do I think that and the support. Um, I I do I think that and the support. Um, I I do I think that there's actually going to be a huge there's actually going to be a huge there's actually going to be a huge consolidation of crypto when the reverse consolidation of crypto when the reverse consolidation of crypto when the reverse carry trade unwinds. And uh I think that carry trade unwinds. And uh I think that carry trade unwinds. And uh I think that you know there's going to be you know there's going to be you know there's going to be implications for Tether. I think many implications for Tether. I think many implications for Tether. I think many things will go down substantially in things will go down substantially in things will go down substantially in value during that period. I don't think value during that period. I don't think value during that period. I don't think you're going to be able to transact. you're going to be able to transact. you're going to be able to transact. Uh I know a lot of people are looking Uh I know a lot of people are looking Uh I know a lot of people are looking for lower prices to be able to enter the for lower prices to be able to enter the for lower prices to be able to enter the market and get things you know from a market and get things you know from a market and get things you know from a couple years ago or try to get XRP at 50 couple years ago or try to get XRP at 50 couple years ago or try to get XRP at 50 cents or 40 cents or you know get get as cents or 40 cents or you know get get as cents or 40 cents or you know get get as much as they can. much as they can. much as they can. I understand that, especially, you know, I understand that, especially, you know, I understand that, especially, you know, if you weren't around during the lawsuit if you weren't around during the lawsuit if you weren't around during the lawsuit and you're just now showing up in the and you're just now showing up in the and you're just now showing up in the last year or so. Um, I get that. I last year or so. Um, I get that. I last year or so. Um, I get that. I really do. My my what I would say there really do. My my what I would say there really do. My my what I would say there is in a liquidity crisis, exchanges are is in a liquidity crisis, exchanges are is in a liquidity crisis, exchanges are going to go down. Um, they're going to going to go down. Um, they're going to going to go down. Um, they're going to get consolidated. I think institutions get consolidated. I think institutions get consolidated. I think institutions are going to be ready there to swoop in are going to be ready there to swoop in are going to be ready there to swoop in and bail them out and buy them up at, and bail them out and buy them up at, and bail them out and buy them up at, you know, pennies on the dollar. Um, and you know, pennies on the dollar. Um, and you know, pennies on the dollar. Um, and likely during that duration of time, you likely during that duration of time, you likely during that duration of time, you won't be able to trade. you won't be won't be able to trade. you won't be won't be able to trade. you won't be able to do anything. Um, your XRP may be able to do anything. Um, your XRP may be able to do anything. Um, your XRP may be locked on that platform for some period locked on that platform for some period locked on that platform for some period of time. Um, again, exchanges are of time. Um, again, exchanges are of time. Um, again, exchanges are probably not where you should be holding probably not where you should be holding probably not where you should be holding your digital assets. If you are a your digital assets. If you are a your digital assets. If you are a creditor of the counterparty you're creditor of the counterparty you're creditor of the counterparty you're holding your crypto with, there's some holding your crypto with, there's some holding your crypto with, there's some undue risk there, additional risk. Um, undue risk there, additional risk. Um, undue risk there, additional risk. Um, in that situation, if they need your XRP in that situation, if they need your XRP in that situation, if they need your XRP in a liquidity crisis, it's their XRP. in a liquidity crisis, it's their XRP. in a liquidity crisis, it's their XRP. They're going to use it. They're going They're going to use it. They're going They're going to use it. They're going to take it. um and their obligation to to take it. um and their obligation to to take it. um and their obligation to use going to be the cash value at the use going to be the cash value at the use going to be the cash value at the time. Um so just be aware of those time. Um so just be aware of those time. Um so just be aware of those things. Again, I'm not saying that things. Again, I'm not saying that things. Again, I'm not saying that exchanges are going to be malicious or exchanges are going to be malicious or exchanges are going to be malicious or perform those actions or making accus perform those actions or making accus perform those actions or making accus accusations that that's going to take accusations that that's going to take accusations that that's going to take place. I'm just saying that it's a place. I'm just saying that it's a place. I'm just saying that it's a possibility in that situation. So, cold possibility in that situation. So, cold possibility in that situation. So, cold wallets, institutional custody with wallets, institutional custody with wallets, institutional custody with Digital Ascension Group, neither one of Digital Ascension Group, neither one of Digital Ascension Group, neither one of those are going to have those concerns those are going to have those concerns those are going to have those concerns and you'll be able to ride through that and you'll be able to ride through that and you'll be able to ride through that period of time if you're holding your period of time if you're holding your period of time if you're holding your assets in that way um until you get to assets in that way um until you get to assets in that way um until you get to the other side and we see, you know, the other side and we see, you know, the other side and we see, you know, what I think are going to be what I think are going to be what I think are going to be substantially higher prices uh for XRP. substantially higher prices uh for XRP. substantially higher prices uh for XRP. So, um yes, I do think that there's So, um yes, I do think that there's So, um yes, I do think that there's going to be a crash. Don't know if going to be a crash. Don't know if going to be a crash. Don't know if you're going to be able to buy during you're going to be able to buy during you're going to be able to buy during that period of time. Uh if you have an that period of time. Uh if you have an that period of time. Uh if you have an OTC desk or broker uh like Uphold is a OTC desk or broker uh like Uphold is a OTC desk or broker uh like Uphold is a broker, they source liquidity from broker, they source liquidity from broker, they source liquidity from across all of the major exchanges and across all of the major exchanges and across all of the major exchanges and other counterparties. Um they may be other counterparties. Um they may be other counterparties. Um they may be able to access liquidity. Caleb Mc Brown able to access liquidity. Caleb Mc Brown able to access liquidity. Caleb Mc Brown also might be able to access liquidity also might be able to access liquidity also might be able to access liquidity during that period of time because they during that period of time because they during that period of time because they are also a broker. Um, so if you were are also a broker. Um, so if you were are also a broker. Um, so if you were going to hold cash anticipating a drop going to hold cash anticipating a drop going to hold cash anticipating a drop in the market for that period of time, in the market for that period of time, in the market for that period of time, um, you know, either one of those may be um, you know, either one of those may be um, you know, either one of those may be a better option for you. Um, also talked a better option for you. Um, also talked a better option for you. Um, also talked to OKX the other day. Um, and they also to OKX the other day. Um, and they also to OKX the other day. Um, and they also have direct access to liquidity. So have direct access to liquidity. So have direct access to liquidity. So instead of being, you know, kind of a instead of being, you know, kind of a instead of being, you know, kind of a broker across that, they have built a a broker across that, they have built a a broker across that, they have built a a DEX globally, which is really cool, by DEX globally, which is really cool, by DEX globally, which is really cool, by the way. like they did a really good job the way. like they did a really good job the way. like they did a really good job on this. It's some infrastructure that on this. It's some infrastructure that on this. It's some infrastructure that I've had never seen before. Um and they I've had never seen before. Um and they I've had never seen before. Um and they have direct access to liquidity um you have direct access to liquidity um you have direct access to liquidity um you know during those times. So OKX might be know during those times. So OKX might be know during those times. So OKX might be another uh option for you in that another uh option for you in that another uh option for you in that capacity. Um capacity. Um capacity. Um so yeah, I mean those would be kind of so yeah, I mean those would be kind of so yeah, I mean those would be kind of the three that I would be looking at to the three that I would be looking at to the three that I would be looking at to create accounts with or do something create accounts with or do something create accounts with or do something with in order to be able to facilitate a with in order to be able to facilitate a with in order to be able to facilitate a buy if there is market volatility and buy if there is market volatility and buy if there is market volatility and certain exchanges go illquid or go down certain exchanges go illquid or go down certain exchanges go illquid or go down during that period. Um during that period. Um during that period. Um but yeah, I think there's gonna be a but yeah, I think there's gonna be a but yeah, I think there's gonna be a huge consolidation. I think you know the huge consolidation. I think you know the huge consolidation. I think you know the whole space is going to consolidate from whole space is going to consolidate from whole space is going to consolidate from over 50,000 cryptos down to like less over 50,000 cryptos down to like less over 50,000 cryptos down to like less than a hundred uh during that period. than a hundred uh during that period. than a hundred uh during that period. Honest, good to see you. He says, "Mr. Honest, good to see you. He says, "Mr. Honest, good to see you. He says, "Mr. Legacy, hi to the tea lady. Uh you are Legacy, hi to the tea lady. Uh you are Legacy, hi to the tea lady. Uh you are you at 200,000 yet? you at 200,000 yet? you at 200,000 yet? What's the deal with some people?" Uh What's the deal with some people?" Uh What's the deal with some people?" Uh best man on YouTube. I don't know about best man on YouTube. I don't know about best man on YouTube. I don't know about all that, dude. Thank you for the kind all that, dude. Thank you for the kind all that, dude. Thank you for the kind words, though. Uh he says building white words, though. Uh he says building white words, though. Uh he says building white rock for us uh business partners rock for us uh business partners rock for us uh business partners uh eternally grateful uh for all you do uh eternally grateful uh for all you do uh eternally grateful uh for all you do and the misses. Uh thank you brother. and the misses. Uh thank you brother. and the misses. Uh thank you brother. Thank you for the kind words. Uh and Thank you for the kind words. Uh and Thank you for the kind words. Uh and again you know we are almost to 200,000 again you know we are almost to 200,000 again you know we are almost to 200,000 subscribers over on YouTube. If you're subscribers over on YouTube. If you're subscribers over on YouTube. If you're watching over here on Tik Tok, if you're watching over here on Tik Tok, if you're watching over here on Tik Tok, if you're watching on Facebook, if you're watching watching on Facebook, if you're watching watching on Facebook, if you're watching on X, it would really mean a lot if you on X, it would really mean a lot if you on X, it would really mean a lot if you could go over and subscribe on YouTube. could go over and subscribe on YouTube. could go over and subscribe on YouTube. even if that's not normally the way you even if that's not normally the way you even if that's not normally the way you consume this content or other content. consume this content or other content. consume this content or other content. Uh we would love to get to 200,000 Uh we would love to get to 200,000 Uh we would love to get to 200,000 that's on the bucket list for me this that's on the bucket list for me this that's on the bucket list for me this year. So, um again, appreciate all the year. So, um again, appreciate all the year. So, um again, appreciate all the support, all the subscribers, all the support, all the subscribers, all the support, all the subscribers, all the likes. I should probably say this, likes. I should probably say this, likes. I should probably say this, always forget to do it. Please like, always forget to do it. Please like, always forget to do it. Please like, subscribe, share, uh turn on the subscribe, share, uh turn on the subscribe, share, uh turn on the notification bell uh for stuff coming on notification bell uh for stuff coming on notification bell uh for stuff coming on the channel. It does help the algorithm, the channel. It does help the algorithm, the channel. It does help the algorithm, helps this reach a broader audience. Uh helps this reach a broader audience. Uh helps this reach a broader audience. Uh if you don't find value in it, don't do if you don't find value in it, don't do if you don't find value in it, don't do those things. I'm not, you know, telling those things. I'm not, you know, telling those things. I'm not, you know, telling anybody and everybody should, but if you anybody and everybody should, but if you anybody and everybody should, but if you if you do enjoy this and you do watch if you do enjoy this and you do watch if you do enjoy this and you do watch frequently, um, all those things do frequently, um, all those things do frequently, um, all those things do help. help. help. Um, Um, Um, EIN's null 01 says, "Legend, what's up, EIN's null 01 says, "Legend, what's up, EIN's null 01 says, "Legend, what's up, dude? Uh, you gave us a hint at a French dude? Uh, you gave us a hint at a French dude? Uh, you gave us a hint at a French guy, uh, who used to work at the BIS and guy, uh, who used to work at the BIS and guy, uh, who used to work at the BIS and now at the ECB. Any other tips of now at the ECB. Any other tips of now at the ECB. Any other tips of interesting people we should look into, interesting people we should look into, interesting people we should look into, BIS or other? Um, Um, Um, hold on. Uh, actually this way. Uh, actually this way. Uh, actually this way. Um, Um, Um, Sunnak, Sunnak, Sunnak, he was uh prime minister uh for the ECB, he was uh prime minister uh for the ECB, he was uh prime minister uh for the ECB, not the ECB, but uh in the EU um after not the ECB, but uh in the EU um after not the ECB, but uh in the EU um after Liz, what was the other lady's name? Liz, what was the other lady's name? Liz, what was the other lady's name? Anyway, she was only in for 45 days and Anyway, she was only in for 45 days and Anyway, she was only in for 45 days and then Sunnak uh was in uh for a little then Sunnak uh was in uh for a little then Sunnak uh was in uh for a little while and helped pass some legislation. while and helped pass some legislation. while and helped pass some legislation. If you want to go look him up uh and his If you want to go look him up uh and his If you want to go look him up uh and his connections with certain Indian families connections with certain Indian families connections with certain Indian families and some other stuff, I think you'll and some other stuff, I think you'll and some other stuff, I think you'll find some good things there, too. So, find some good things there, too. So, find some good things there, too. So, you know, again, there's a lot of people you know, again, there's a lot of people you know, again, there's a lot of people that have moved around in the background that have moved around in the background that have moved around in the background over the years and been able to pass over the years and been able to pass over the years and been able to pass certain legislation or get things done certain legislation or get things done certain legislation or get things done in whatever period of time they were in in whatever period of time they were in in whatever period of time they were in office that uh had a net benefit for office that uh had a net benefit for office that uh had a net benefit for XRP. XRP. XRP. So, that's another one if you want to go So, that's another one if you want to go So, that's another one if you want to go check it out. Uh Bill here uh says, "I check it out. Uh Bill here uh says, "I check it out. Uh Bill here uh says, "I flew to Dallas and personally delivered flew to Dallas and personally delivered flew to Dallas and personally delivered tea to your office. Uh you said you tea to your office. Uh you said you tea to your office. Uh you said you would try it. Uh I guess Mr. Dapper uh would try it. Uh I guess Mr. Dapper uh would try it. Uh I guess Mr. Dapper uh rates higher second week in a row. Ouch. rates higher second week in a row. Ouch. rates higher second week in a row. Ouch. Here's the deal, Bill. Uh and I Here's the deal, Bill. Uh and I Here's the deal, Bill. Uh and I appreciate the tea. Um appreciate the tea. Um appreciate the tea. Um I I I I hate lavender. I hate lavender. I hate lavender. Um and I know I don't know that I've Um and I know I don't know that I've Um and I know I don't know that I've ever said that on here. I ever said that on here. I ever said that on here. I have a hard time with that flavor and have a hard time with that flavor and have a hard time with that flavor and with that scent. Um not sure that the with that scent. Um not sure that the with that scent. Um not sure that the one that you delivered was lavender or one that you delivered was lavender or one that you delivered was lavender or not. Um I will verify that with my wife. not. Um I will verify that with my wife. not. Um I will verify that with my wife. Uh but if it was um that that is the Uh but if it was um that that is the Uh but if it was um that that is the reason that I have not drank it. Um I do reason that I have not drank it. Um I do reason that I have not drank it. Um I do appreciate the gesture and I appreciate appreciate the gesture and I appreciate appreciate the gesture and I appreciate you coming by the office. I read the you coming by the office. I read the you coming by the office. I read the card and it was very nice and thank you card and it was very nice and thank you card and it was very nice and thank you for for doing so. Um again, you know, if for for doing so. Um again, you know, if for for doing so. Um again, you know, if if it's the lavender tea, if it's the lavender tea, if it's the lavender tea, my wife says she'll drink it. my wife says she'll drink it. my wife says she'll drink it. She's yelling at me. She's yelling at me. She's yelling at me. Um, Um, Um, all right. Uh, all right. Uh, all right. Uh, we already did this one for the we already did this one for the we already did this one for the mastermind. mastermind. mastermind. Um, Um, Um, all right. Uh, legend. Uh, the signing all right. Uh, legend. Uh, the signing all right. Uh, legend. Uh, the signing of the Clarity Act is a distraction by of the Clarity Act is a distraction by of the Clarity Act is a distraction by the elites. the elites. the elites. Uh, the CFTC, the SEC, and the OC are Uh, the CFTC, the SEC, and the OC are Uh, the CFTC, the SEC, and the OC are passing individual laws in parallel. Not passing individual laws in parallel. Not passing individual laws in parallel. Not really laws, it's just guidance around really laws, it's just guidance around really laws, it's just guidance around this asset class. Uh, starting in 2025, this asset class. Uh, starting in 2025, this asset class. Uh, starting in 2025, the reverse carry trade happened. uh the reverse carry trade happened. uh the reverse carry trade happened. uh will happen before the FIFA Cup or is it will happen before the FIFA Cup or is it will happen before the FIFA Cup or is it better to do it during the FIFA uh and better to do it during the FIFA uh and better to do it during the FIFA uh and use it as a distraction? use it as a distraction? use it as a distraction? Um I'm not sure when the FIFA Cup is. Um I'm not sure when the FIFA Cup is. Um I'm not sure when the FIFA Cup is. Let me take a look here. Um FIFA FIFA FIFA Cup Cup Cup uh is July 11th through July 19th this uh is July 11th through July 19th this uh is July 11th through July 19th this year. I year. I year. I I mean, like I said, the OC can come out I mean, like I said, the OC can come out I mean, like I said, the OC can come out at any point before July 18th and at any point before July 18th and at any point before July 18th and regulate stable coins. And I think regulate stable coins. And I think regulate stable coins. And I think that's what we're waiting on for them to that's what we're waiting on for them to that's what we're waiting on for them to be able to unwind reverse carry trade so be able to unwind reverse carry trade so be able to unwind reverse carry trade so that um we can see, you know, or have that um we can see, you know, or have that um we can see, you know, or have the ability to stabilize the bond the ability to stabilize the bond the ability to stabilize the bond market. We have to be able to issue market. We have to be able to issue market. We have to be able to issue stable coins at scale here domestically stable coins at scale here domestically stable coins at scale here domestically in the US in order to be able to absorb in the US in order to be able to absorb in the US in order to be able to absorb the treasuries that are going to flow the treasuries that are going to flow the treasuries that are going to flow onto the market uh during that period of onto the market uh during that period of onto the market uh during that period of time. So, you know, again, I tend to time. So, you know, again, I tend to time. So, you know, again, I tend to feel likely prior to those dates, we're going to see prior to those dates, we're going to see prior to those dates, we're going to see it. Uh, but again, could be wrong. It's it. Uh, but again, could be wrong. It's it. Uh, but again, could be wrong. It's hard to time anything in this market. hard to time anything in this market. hard to time anything in this market. Um, we already did that one. I'm going Um, we already did that one. I'm going Um, we already did that one. I'm going to go all the way to the bottom and try to go all the way to the bottom and try to go all the way to the bottom and try to work my way back up. I'm probably not to work my way back up. I'm probably not to work my way back up. I'm probably not going to get to all the super chats going to get to all the super chats going to get to all the super chats tonight. Uh, and again, appreciate tonight. Uh, and again, appreciate tonight. Uh, and again, appreciate everybody that does that. uh my wife everybody that does that. uh my wife everybody that does that. uh my wife will get them either uh through DM if will get them either uh through DM if will get them either uh through DM if you want to send them that way or uh if you want to send them that way or uh if you want to send them that way or uh if you want to email them to you want to email them to you want to email them to info@digitalfamilyoff.io info@digitalfamilyoff.io info@digitalfamilyoff.io uh we will get them that way as well. Uh uh we will get them that way as well. Uh uh we will get them that way as well. Uh Rich Gilbert uh he says thoughts on the Rich Gilbert uh he says thoughts on the Rich Gilbert uh he says thoughts on the harbinger um setting setting precedent harbinger um setting setting precedent harbinger um setting setting precedent Japan uh ahead of h the face act fintex Japan uh ahead of h the face act fintex Japan uh ahead of h the face act fintex like Google Amazon Meta and SBI with like Google Amazon Meta and SBI with like Google Amazon Meta and SBI with Visa offering 10% XRP rewards Visa offering 10% XRP rewards Visa offering 10% XRP rewards then they do it in the US once legal highly doubt anybody will pay be paying highly doubt anybody will pay be paying highly doubt anybody will pay be paying any rewards in XRP post price any rewards in XRP post price any rewards in XRP post price appreciation or implement mentation of appreciation or implement mentation of appreciation or implement mentation of this technology. Uh I think it's going this technology. Uh I think it's going this technology. Uh I think it's going to be way too valuable um as the to be way too valuable um as the to be way too valuable um as the backbone of the financial system for backbone of the financial system for backbone of the financial system for people to pay rewards in it. Um people to pay rewards in it. Um people to pay rewards in it. Um we you know might look at doing that we you know might look at doing that we you know might look at doing that through our connection with Uphold if we through our connection with Uphold if we through our connection with Uphold if we are if we have the capability or are if we have the capability or are if we have the capability or possibility. Um but outside of that I possibility. Um but outside of that I possibility. Um but outside of that I don't think that any banks or don't think that any banks or don't think that any banks or institutions are going to be doing out institutions are going to be doing out institutions are going to be doing out XRP to any of their users. XRP to any of their users. XRP to any of their users. Um, Fresco says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, with Um, Fresco says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, with Um, Fresco says, "Hey, Jake. Uh, with people with special needs with exposure people with special needs with exposure people with special needs with exposure to crypto need protection, uh, too. So, to crypto need protection, uh, too. So, to crypto need protection, uh, too. So, I'm wondering, does Digital Ascension I'm wondering, does Digital Ascension I'm wondering, does Digital Ascension Group create special needs trust?" We Group create special needs trust?" We Group create special needs trust?" We sure do. Uh, to help people with special sure do. Uh, to help people with special sure do. Uh, to help people with special needs protect their crypto uh, and needs protect their crypto uh, and needs protect their crypto uh, and government assistance. Yeah. So, if government assistance. Yeah. So, if government assistance. Yeah. So, if you're on SSI, uh we can set up a you're on SSI, uh we can set up a you're on SSI, uh we can set up a special needs trust for uh yourself or special needs trust for uh yourself or special needs trust for uh yourself or for um your children uh if they're in for um your children uh if they're in for um your children uh if they're in that situation to make sure that they're that situation to make sure that they're that situation to make sure that they're able to navigate that and continue to be able to navigate that and continue to be able to navigate that and continue to be able to get their um able to get their um able to get their um help uh so that they don't lose that if help uh so that they don't lose that if help uh so that they don't lose that if they get too much income. And um Dan they get too much income. And um Dan they get too much income. And um Dan Plasket on the estate planning side Plasket on the estate planning side Plasket on the estate planning side helps navigate all of that for our helps navigate all of that for our helps navigate all of that for our clients. Uh we also are bringing on some clients. Uh we also are bringing on some clients. Uh we also are bringing on some other help for him which is good and um other help for him which is good and um other help for him which is good and um yeah we would love to work with you in yeah we would love to work with you in yeah we would love to work with you in that capacity if that's something that that capacity if that's something that that capacity if that's something that you are interested in. you are interested in. you are interested in. All right. Uh KT baby. Hey ma'am. Uh she All right. Uh KT baby. Hey ma'am. Uh she All right. Uh KT baby. Hey ma'am. Uh she says Jake. So uh if you're going to take says Jake. So uh if you're going to take says Jake. So uh if you're going to take a victory vacation before after July a victory vacation before after July a victory vacation before after July and uh Rick Johnson uh my tires are and uh Rick Johnson uh my tires are and uh Rick Johnson uh my tires are doing just fine. Thanks for asking. doing just fine. Thanks for asking. doing just fine. Thanks for asking. There's a lot of banter between those There's a lot of banter between those There's a lot of banter between those two on here. Um, two on here. Um, two on here. Um, we we were talking about going on we we were talking about going on we we were talking about going on vacation a little bit earlier today to vacation a little bit earlier today to vacation a little bit earlier today to be honest with you. Uh, been traveling a be honest with you. Uh, been traveling a be honest with you. Uh, been traveling a lot. Um, and you know, my wife has other lot. Um, and you know, my wife has other lot. Um, and you know, my wife has other obligations and things that she does and obligations and things that she does and obligations and things that she does and so it's hard to find a window uh where so it's hard to find a window uh where so it's hard to find a window uh where we're both free um to be able to go we're both free um to be able to go we're both free um to be able to go somewhere. Um, somewhere. Um, somewhere. Um, I don't know that we'll be able to make I don't know that we'll be able to make I don't know that we'll be able to make it happen. it happen. it happen. I don't know. I don't know. I only have I don't know. I don't know. I only have I don't know. I don't know. I only have a few free weeks and show does so does a few free weeks and show does so does a few free weeks and show does so does she. So, we're still working through she. So, we're still working through she. So, we're still working through that. Um, but postp price appreciation. that. Um, but postp price appreciation. that. Um, but postp price appreciation. Yeah, there's a lot of places that are Yeah, there's a lot of places that are Yeah, there's a lot of places that are on the list for sure. on the list for sure. on the list for sure. Um, comf uh says, "Dude, I pray for you Um, comf uh says, "Dude, I pray for you Um, comf uh says, "Dude, I pray for you and your family." Thank you, man. I and your family." Thank you, man. I and your family." Thank you, man. I appreciate the prayers. Um, he said, "I appreciate the prayers. Um, he said, "I appreciate the prayers. Um, he said, "I can't imagine uh you juggling all this. can't imagine uh you juggling all this. can't imagine uh you juggling all this. Uh, thank your wife for us. Uh, she's a Uh, thank your wife for us. Uh, she's a Uh, thank your wife for us. Uh, she's a trooper." She is a trooper. she holds it trooper." She is a trooper. she holds it trooper." She is a trooper. she holds it down uh while I'm traveling and trying down uh while I'm traveling and trying down uh while I'm traveling and trying to get deals done and and making the to get deals done and and making the to get deals done and and making the connections we need to be able to scale connections we need to be able to scale connections we need to be able to scale the business. Um very grateful for her. the business. Um very grateful for her. the business. Um very grateful for her. She she deals with a lot and um she says She she deals with a lot and um she says She she deals with a lot and um she says craping my style killing my vibes. She she uh she's a firecracker. Um but She she uh she's a firecracker. Um but She she uh she's a firecracker. Um but she she does help us out a lot. Me in she she does help us out a lot. Me in she she does help us out a lot. Me in particular definitely couldn't do any of particular definitely couldn't do any of particular definitely couldn't do any of this without her. So, um, she is much this without her. So, um, she is much this without her. So, um, she is much appreciated. appreciated. appreciated. Um, Um, Um, let's see here. Um, we got Carlos let's see here. Um, we got Carlos let's see here. Um, we got Carlos Campos. Uh, he says, "Hey, Jake, you Campos. Uh, he says, "Hey, Jake, you Campos. Uh, he says, "Hey, Jake, you said the BO BOJ did five interventions, said the BO BOJ did five interventions, said the BO BOJ did five interventions, but Gemini says they only did two in but Gemini says they only did two in but Gemini says they only did two in 2026, sending spending 63 billion uh 2026, sending spending 63 billion uh 2026, sending spending 63 billion uh over April and May. Can you clarify? over April and May. Can you clarify? over April and May. Can you clarify? Thanks. Uh, if you look at the chart, Thanks. Uh, if you look at the chart, Thanks. Uh, if you look at the chart, there's been five. there's been five. there's been five. So I don't know, you know, again, like So I don't know, you know, again, like So I don't know, you know, again, like you can literally look at the chart and you can literally look at the chart and you can literally look at the chart and see the sharp red lines down where they see the sharp red lines down where they see the sharp red lines down where they intervened in the market. Uh, and you intervened in the market. Uh, and you intervened in the market. Uh, and you can count five. can count five. can count five. So if Gemini wants to say or chat GBT So if Gemini wants to say or chat GBT So if Gemini wants to say or chat GBT wants to say or any of these other, you wants to say or any of these other, you wants to say or any of these other, you know, LLMs want to chime in, um, they know, LLMs want to chime in, um, they know, LLMs want to chime in, um, they can absolutely do that. I would prefer can absolutely do that. I would prefer can absolutely do that. I would prefer to look with my eyes and see how many to look with my eyes and see how many to look with my eyes and see how many times they've interveneed versus just times they've interveneed versus just times they've interveneed versus just rely on a Google search uh or an LLM uh rely on a Google search uh or an LLM uh rely on a Google search uh or an LLM uh to tell me. Even though those are great to tell me. Even though those are great to tell me. Even though those are great tools, I'm not saying not to use them. tools, I'm not saying not to use them. tools, I'm not saying not to use them. I'm just saying you should oftentimes I'm just saying you should oftentimes I'm just saying you should oftentimes fact check them because they do fact check them because they do fact check them because they do hallucinate. Um and if you were to go hallucinate. Um and if you were to go hallucinate. Um and if you were to go back to that LLM uh after it gave you back to that LLM uh after it gave you back to that LLM uh after it gave you that first one and say, "I don't think that first one and say, "I don't think that first one and say, "I don't think so. I think there's been five." You so. I think there's been five." You so. I think there's been five." You should look at the chart. I bet it'll should look at the chart. I bet it'll should look at the chart. I bet it'll go, "Oh, yeah, actually you're right. I go, "Oh, yeah, actually you're right. I go, "Oh, yeah, actually you're right. I do see five large lines here that show do see five large lines here that show do see five large lines here that show that there could have been interventions that there could have been interventions that there could have been interventions during those situations and it likely during those situations and it likely during those situations and it likely was five times in that period of time. was five times in that period of time. was five times in that period of time. Um, sometimes you just have to put them Um, sometimes you just have to put them Um, sometimes you just have to put them in your in their place and correct them in your in their place and correct them in your in their place and correct them when they're wrong. Um, I have to do when they're wrong. Um, I have to do when they're wrong. Um, I have to do that probably that probably that probably probably two out of 10 um, you know, probably two out of 10 um, you know, probably two out of 10 um, you know, questions that I ask an LLM. Sometimes questions that I ask an LLM. Sometimes questions that I ask an LLM. Sometimes I'll ask an LLM that I already know you I'll ask an LLM that I already know you I'll ask an LLM that I already know you a question that I already know the a question that I already know the a question that I already know the answer to and depending on how they answer to and depending on how they answer to and depending on how they answer it, I'll make sure that it answer it, I'll make sure that it answer it, I'll make sure that it understands understands understands what what the actual situation is. Um, what what the actual situation is. Um, what what the actual situation is. Um, Fresco GP says, "How does Digital Fresco GP says, "How does Digital Fresco GP says, "How does Digital Ascension Group create or work with Ascension Group create or work with Ascension Group create or work with special needs trust uh which is specific special needs trust uh which is specific special needs trust uh which is specific to clients with disabilities to protect to clients with disabilities to protect to clients with disabilities to protect their government assistance?" Uh, we their government assistance?" Uh, we their government assistance?" Uh, we just we just went over that. We have uh just we just went over that. We have uh just we just went over that. We have uh Dan Plasket who's our architect or chief Dan Plasket who's our architect or chief Dan Plasket who's our architect or chief architect for the estate planning side architect for the estate planning side architect for the estate planning side on the more complex trusts uh and he's on the more complex trusts uh and he's on the more complex trusts uh and he's been doing this for 45 years and he will been doing this for 45 years and he will been doing this for 45 years and he will craft that for you. We have language to craft that for you. We have language to craft that for you. We have language to be able to build into um that type of be able to build into um that type of be able to build into um that type of trust to be able to help facilitate that trust to be able to help facilitate that trust to be able to help facilitate that and structure it the right way so that and structure it the right way so that and structure it the right way so that you don't lose uh that SSI uh if you're you don't lose uh that SSI uh if you're you don't lose uh that SSI uh if you're in that situation or your ch your child in that situation or your ch your child in that situation or your ch your child is in that situation or grandchild. is in that situation or grandchild. is in that situation or grandchild. Um Nancy, hey ma'am, she says thank you Um Nancy, hey ma'am, she says thank you Um Nancy, hey ma'am, she says thank you for all that you do for us. uh Jake and for all that you do for us. uh Jake and for all that you do for us. uh Jake and the Tea Lady. Uh hope to meet her. Uh the Tea Lady. Uh hope to meet her. Uh the Tea Lady. Uh hope to meet her. Uh I'm sure that you will if you come to I'm sure that you will if you come to I'm sure that you will if you come to our events. Uh she said, "We met with our events. Uh she said, "We met with our events. Uh she said, "We met with our new rep, Tyler, at DWP and he was our new rep, Tyler, at DWP and he was our new rep, Tyler, at DWP and he was great. Uh looking forward to seeing great. Uh looking forward to seeing great. Uh looking forward to seeing plans for our family come to fruition. plans for our family come to fruition. plans for our family come to fruition. God bless. God bless you. Thank you for God bless. God bless you. Thank you for God bless. God bless you. Thank you for the kind words and support and uh we're the kind words and support and uh we're the kind words and support and uh we're really excited to have you as clients." really excited to have you as clients." really excited to have you as clients." So um yeah, uh I'm sure you will see my So um yeah, uh I'm sure you will see my So um yeah, uh I'm sure you will see my wife at one of the events if you attend wife at one of the events if you attend wife at one of the events if you attend those. those. those. Again, if you want to join the Again, if you want to join the Again, if you want to join the mastermind, we'd love to have you there. mastermind, we'd love to have you there. mastermind, we'd love to have you there. Uh we have lots of in-person events. Uh Uh we have lots of in-person events. Uh Uh we have lots of in-person events. Uh we do them all across the country as we do them all across the country as we do them all across the country as we're traveling uh or with working with we're traveling uh or with working with we're traveling uh or with working with different parties. Uh the last one was different parties. Uh the last one was different parties. Uh the last one was um in Miami. We did that with 3IIQ um in Miami. We did that with 3IIQ um in Miami. We did that with 3IIQ Bomial uh and with um Canary Capital. Bomial uh and with um Canary Capital. Bomial uh and with um Canary Capital. Shout out to Steve and the guys over Shout out to Steve and the guys over Shout out to Steve and the guys over there. there. there. Uh Kala Quantum says, "Hi Jake. Uh Uh Kala Quantum says, "Hi Jake. Uh Uh Kala Quantum says, "Hi Jake. Uh Quantum girl here." Um, oh, Kayla, Kayla Quantum girl here." Um, oh, Kayla, Kayla Quantum girl here." Um, oh, Kayla, Kayla Quantum. Okay. Um, sorry I butchered Quantum. Okay. Um, sorry I butchered Quantum. Okay. Um, sorry I butchered that. I'm bad. I appreciate you letting that. I'm bad. I appreciate you letting that. I'm bad. I appreciate you letting me know. Uh, she says, um, invite for me know. Uh, she says, um, invite for me know. Uh, she says, um, invite for all of us to hold space immediately all of us to hold space immediately all of us to hold space immediately after after after live to envision XRP at $1,000. Uh, when live to envision XRP at $1,000. Uh, when live to envision XRP at $1,000. Uh, when we chose to approach our field in a we chose to approach our field in a we chose to approach our field in a positive, uh, coherence. Uh, old positive, uh, coherence. Uh, old positive, uh, coherence. Uh, old patterns die. Loved all. Uh, thank you, patterns die. Loved all. Uh, thank you, patterns die. Loved all. Uh, thank you, ma'am. I I completely believe in ma'am. I I completely believe in ma'am. I I completely believe in manifestation. Uh and I believe if there manifestation. Uh and I believe if there manifestation. Uh and I believe if there are are are if there is a large enough majority of if there is a large enough majority of if there is a large enough majority of the population that believes a certain the population that believes a certain the population that believes a certain outcome will transpire that it it outcome will transpire that it it outcome will transpire that it it definitely takes place. Um it's weird definitely takes place. Um it's weird definitely takes place. Um it's weird how the quantum field works like that. how the quantum field works like that. how the quantum field works like that. So I I love that and uh appreciate the So I I love that and uh appreciate the So I I love that and uh appreciate the the high vibrations uh in the chat. the high vibrations uh in the chat. the high vibrations uh in the chat. Um we got Whisfit 66. They say, "Hey, Um we got Whisfit 66. They say, "Hey, Um we got Whisfit 66. They say, "Hey, Jake, uh, carbon one and DBP member with Jake, uh, carbon one and DBP member with Jake, uh, carbon one and DBP member with an LLC and trust. Should I put my an LLC and trust. Should I put my an LLC and trust. Should I put my existing whole life policy and simple existing whole life policy and simple existing whole life policy and simple IRA uh, in the trust to help mitigate IRA uh, in the trust to help mitigate IRA uh, in the trust to help mitigate taxes post price appreciation or should taxes post price appreciation or should taxes post price appreciation or should I keep those things separate uh, and I keep those things separate uh, and I keep those things separate uh, and open for other pol policies? Um, should open for other pol policies? Um, should open for other pol policies? Um, should I do this now or wait till price I do this now or wait till price I do this now or wait till price appreciation?" That's a lot whizfit. That's a lot whizfit. That's a lot whizfit. Um, so simple IRA, Um, so simple IRA, Um, so simple IRA, an IRA is an individual retirement an IRA is an individual retirement an IRA is an individual retirement account. account. account. You wouldn't put that in an LLC or a You wouldn't put that in an LLC or a You wouldn't put that in an LLC or a trust. Um, trust. Um, trust. Um, I guess you could you could set up an I guess you could you could set up an I guess you could you could set up an IRA, trust, or LLC, but with it being a IRA, trust, or LLC, but with it being a IRA, trust, or LLC, but with it being a simple IRA, I don't know if you can make simple IRA, I don't know if you can make simple IRA, I don't know if you can make that conversion. that conversion. that conversion. Uh, when it comes to the whole life Uh, when it comes to the whole life Uh, when it comes to the whole life policy, policy, policy, it would depend on I assume that whole it would depend on I assume that whole it would depend on I assume that whole life policy is on you. life policy is on you. life policy is on you. um you could make a trust the um you could make a trust the um you could make a trust the beneficiary of the whole life policy. beneficiary of the whole life policy. beneficiary of the whole life policy. Um and then that way those assets would Um and then that way those assets would Um and then that way those assets would skip uh you know passing and taxes that skip uh you know passing and taxes that skip uh you know passing and taxes that would flow into the trust. So that would would flow into the trust. So that would would flow into the trust. So that would be the one consideration based on what be the one consideration based on what be the one consideration based on what you stated there that I would look you stated there that I would look you stated there that I would look through. It's it may or may not be the through. It's it may or may not be the through. It's it may or may not be the right choice. Um depends on what type of right choice. Um depends on what type of right choice. Um depends on what type of trust you have set up. It sounds like trust you have set up. It sounds like trust you have set up. It sounds like you set up the revocable living trust you set up the revocable living trust you set up the revocable living trust with us. Um, which could be the with us. Um, which could be the with us. Um, which could be the beneficiary of that insurance policy. beneficiary of that insurance policy. beneficiary of that insurance policy. However, you might look at an eyelet, However, you might look at an eyelet, However, you might look at an eyelet, uh, an insurance an irrevocable life uh, an insurance an irrevocable life uh, an insurance an irrevocable life insurance trust. Uh, I would talk to Dan insurance trust. Uh, I would talk to Dan insurance trust. Uh, I would talk to Dan Plask about those things. Uh, and he can Plask about those things. Uh, and he can Plask about those things. Uh, and he can help you kind of navigate that in the help you kind of navigate that in the help you kind of navigate that in the best manner that's, you know, the right best manner that's, you know, the right best manner that's, you know, the right thing for you. I don't have enough thing for you. I don't have enough thing for you. I don't have enough context about your entire, you know, context about your entire, you know, context about your entire, you know, long-term goals, uh, your age, your long-term goals, uh, your age, your long-term goals, uh, your age, your kids, all the other things that would kids, all the other things that would kids, all the other things that would kind of factor into, uh, what would be kind of factor into, uh, what would be kind of factor into, uh, what would be the best way to orchestrate that. And if the best way to orchestrate that. And if the best way to orchestrate that. And if you're able to work with him and provide you're able to work with him and provide you're able to work with him and provide that information, um, again, like I've that information, um, again, like I've that information, um, again, like I've said many times, he I am, you know, I said many times, he I am, you know, I said many times, he I am, you know, I know enough to be dangerous. know enough to be dangerous. know enough to be dangerous. He knows everything in and out, tax He knows everything in and out, tax He knows everything in and out, tax code, uh, and how these entities are code, uh, and how these entities are code, uh, and how these entities are structured. um the structured. um the structured. um the um um um language in the trust and how to language in the trust and how to language in the trust and how to structure that the right way. Um which structure that the right way. Um which structure that the right way. Um which policies and things are right at the policies and things are right at the policies and things are right at the right time. What he's built for us and right time. What he's built for us and right time. What he's built for us and what we went over on the most recent what we went over on the most recent what we went over on the most recent webinar that we put together for high webinar that we put together for high webinar that we put together for high net worth individuals invested in net worth individuals invested in net worth individuals invested in crypto. um is how he's married a dynasty crypto. um is how he's married a dynasty crypto. um is how he's married a dynasty trust with uh an intentionally defective trust with uh an intentionally defective trust with uh an intentionally defective grantor trust and then added um grantor trust and then added um grantor trust and then added um digital asset, you know, transfer trust digital asset, you know, transfer trust digital asset, you know, transfer trust provisions in there. Uh it is the most provisions in there. Uh it is the most provisions in there. Uh it is the most robust document built for digital robust document built for digital robust document built for digital assets, how to protect those. So, you assets, how to protect those. So, you assets, how to protect those. So, you know, again, that's an irrevocable know, again, that's an irrevocable know, again, that's an irrevocable trust. It's not a life insurance trust. trust. It's not a life insurance trust. trust. It's not a life insurance trust. So, I would I reach out to Dan um his So, I would I reach out to Dan um his So, I would I reach out to Dan um his email if you well just reach out to email if you well just reach out to email if you well just reach out to info@digitalfamilyoff.io info@digitalfamilyoff.io info@digitalfamilyoff.io O and they can connect you with Dan uh O and they can connect you with Dan uh O and they can connect you with Dan uh to be able to help you navigate uh what to be able to help you navigate uh what to be able to help you navigate uh what to do with all of that. And again, to do with all of that. And again, to do with all of that. And again, excited to have you in the group. Thank excited to have you in the group. Thank excited to have you in the group. Thank you for working with us. Blessed and you for working with us. Blessed and you for working with us. Blessed and grateful for um you know, the grateful for um you know, the grateful for um you know, the opportunity. And uh thank you again for opportunity. And uh thank you again for opportunity. And uh thank you again for the super chat and the kind words. the super chat and the kind words. the super chat and the kind words. Uh patience first uh says, "Hey Jake, Uh patience first uh says, "Hey Jake, Uh patience first uh says, "Hey Jake, what price is the minimum that the DTCC what price is the minimum that the DTCC what price is the minimum that the DTCC needs for XRP to be uh before they start needs for XRP to be uh before they start needs for XRP to be uh before they start small scale in July?" small scale in July?" small scale in July?" Um well Um well Um well so the small scale is tokenization of so the small scale is tokenization of so the small scale is tokenization of ETFs ETFs ETFs real time settlement moving to T plus0 real time settlement moving to T plus0 real time settlement moving to T plus0 is still usable on the entire back end is still usable on the entire back end is still usable on the entire back end of the stock market irrespective of of the stock market irrespective of of the stock market irrespective of tokenization of the ETFs or other stocks tokenization of the ETFs or other stocks tokenization of the ETFs or other stocks themselves. So themselves. So themselves. So uh that would be the total volume you uh that would be the total volume you uh that would be the total volume you know four quadrillion dollars a year know four quadrillion dollars a year know four quadrillion dollars a year that the back end of the stock market that the back end of the stock market that the back end of the stock market settles uh settles uh settles uh depending on how much XRP is available depending on how much XRP is available depending on how much XRP is available for that application and how much for that application and how much for that application and how much project ion is using project ion is using project ion is using um very confident in three to four um very confident in three to four um very confident in three to four digits. Again digits. Again digits. Again you know you've got to have the macro you know you've got to have the macro you know you've got to have the macro events play out and other catalyst to be events play out and other catalyst to be events play out and other catalyst to be able to drive it to that price for them able to drive it to that price for them able to drive it to that price for them to be able to use it for that certain to be able to use it for that certain to be able to use it for that certain purpose. Um, but that is the math and purpose. Um, but that is the math and purpose. Um, but that is the math and how it works. Um, how it works. Um, how it works. Um, again, depending on how much XRP is again, depending on how much XRP is again, depending on how much XRP is available for that application, that's available for that application, that's available for that application, that's that's the price point that I think it that's the price point that I think it that's the price point that I think it needs to be. Um, Apollo Jets, uh, he needs to be. Um, Apollo Jets, uh, he needs to be. Um, Apollo Jets, uh, he says, "Another question for you. If I says, "Another question for you. If I says, "Another question for you. If I were to relocate 50,000 XRP to the UP in were to relocate 50,000 XRP to the UP in were to relocate 50,000 XRP to the UP in the rare event that the government were the rare event that the government were the rare event that the government were to attempt to confiscate or buy back, to attempt to confiscate or buy back, to attempt to confiscate or buy back, etc., XRP from retail investors, how etc., XRP from retail investors, how etc., XRP from retail investors, how would that play out?" would that play out?" would that play out?" Well, Well, Well, um, we would recommend that you would um, we would recommend that you would um, we would recommend that you would structure an LLC if you had that much. structure an LLC if you had that much. structure an LLC if you had that much. Uh, the government's not going to Uh, the government's not going to Uh, the government's not going to confiscate XRP or digital assets from confiscate XRP or digital assets from confiscate XRP or digital assets from organizations or companies. organizations or companies. organizations or companies. So, you would be just fine, So, you would be just fine, So, you would be just fine, not going to have that issue. Um, but not going to have that issue. Um, but not going to have that issue. Um, but you would also have to sign to be able you would also have to sign to be able you would also have to sign to be able to move those assets. uh we can only to move those assets. uh we can only to move those assets. uh we can only send it to whitelisted wallets that are send it to whitelisted wallets that are send it to whitelisted wallets that are approved by you uh as the you know uh approved by you uh as the you know uh approved by you uh as the you know uh for the benefit of on the account. So for the benefit of on the account. So for the benefit of on the account. So there's no way that the government could there's no way that the government could there's no way that the government could come in and say hey you know we're going come in and say hey you know we're going come in and say hey you know we're going to confiscate this crypto and you got to to confiscate this crypto and you got to to confiscate this crypto and you got to send it to this address. send it to this address. send it to this address. We we literally can't do that because we We we literally can't do that because we We we literally can't do that because we can't whitelist wallets on your behalf. can't whitelist wallets on your behalf. can't whitelist wallets on your behalf. You you have to be the one to do that. You you have to be the one to do that. You you have to be the one to do that. So all that being said, not really a So all that being said, not really a So all that being said, not really a concern I have. I don't think they're concern I have. I don't think they're concern I have. I don't think they're going to do that. I don't think they going to do that. I don't think they going to do that. I don't think they need our XRP. Um, but you know, between need our XRP. Um, but you know, between need our XRP. Um, but you know, between having it in an LLC or corporation and having it in an LLC or corporation and having it in an LLC or corporation and also having it at Anchorage and parked also having it at Anchorage and parked also having it at Anchorage and parked with Digital Wealth Partners, with Digital Wealth Partners, with Digital Wealth Partners, not going to be able to get it. not going to be able to get it. not going to be able to get it. Government's, you know, too bad, so sad. Government's, you know, too bad, so sad. Government's, you know, too bad, so sad. Uh, and if you want the additional Uh, and if you want the additional Uh, and if you want the additional protections, again, the ir irrevocable protections, again, the ir irrevocable protections, again, the ir irrevocable trust that we have set up, even if it's trust that we have set up, even if it's trust that we have set up, even if it's custody to Anchorage, it could be moved custody to Anchorage, it could be moved custody to Anchorage, it could be moved to a trust in the Cook Islands, which to a trust in the Cook Islands, which to a trust in the Cook Islands, which the US government has never penetrated. the US government has never penetrated. the US government has never penetrated. uh and we can help you structure that if uh and we can help you structure that if uh and we can help you structure that if you are concerned about those things. So you are concerned about those things. So you are concerned about those things. So if you wanted like five six layers of if you wanted like five six layers of if you wanted like five six layers of protection, protection, protection, we can make sure that it's set up. Um we can make sure that it's set up. Um we can make sure that it's set up. Um Mr. Watkins says, "Jake, much respect. Mr. Watkins says, "Jake, much respect. Mr. Watkins says, "Jake, much respect. Can you do a 90 second deep dive on Can you do a 90 second deep dive on Can you do a 90 second deep dive on Foris Xi, a single asset liquidity pool Foris Xi, a single asset liquidity pool Foris Xi, a single asset liquidity pool paying 18 to 26% APY on idle coins like paying 18 to 26% APY on idle coins like paying 18 to 26% APY on idle coins like XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, HAR? Is it XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, HAR? Is it XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, HAR? Is it something is something like that safe to something is something like that safe to something is something like that safe to earn on?" earn on?" earn on?" Um, I don't know what it is. So, let me I don't know what it is. So, let me I don't know what it is. So, let me start there. I've never looked at it. start there. I've never looked at it. start there. I've never looked at it. Um, haven't had any conversations with Um, haven't had any conversations with Um, haven't had any conversations with them on the institutional side. So, that them on the institutional side. So, that them on the institutional side. So, that gives me pause because we've talked to gives me pause because we've talked to gives me pause because we've talked to everybody that's doing anything everybody that's doing anything everybody that's doing anything legitimate. Um, not to say if they're legitimate. Um, not to say if they're legitimate. Um, not to say if they're offshore that they're not doing things offshore that they're not doing things offshore that they're not doing things that are legitimate, but I mean, we've that are legitimate, but I mean, we've that are legitimate, but I mean, we've even had conversations with Doppler and even had conversations with Doppler and even had conversations with Doppler and and Midas and everybody else that's and Midas and everybody else that's and Midas and everybody else that's offshore doing their stuff. So, for me offshore doing their stuff. So, for me offshore doing their stuff. So, for me to have never heard of it, um, gives me to have never heard of it, um, gives me to have never heard of it, um, gives me pause. Again, not saying that it's pause. Again, not saying that it's pause. Again, not saying that it's illegal or a Ponzi or that they're doing illegal or a Ponzi or that they're doing illegal or a Ponzi or that they're doing anything malicious. Those type of anything malicious. Those type of anything malicious. Those type of returns can be generated. returns can be generated. returns can be generated. um you would be doing like predatory um you would be doing like predatory um you would be doing like predatory lending or MCA loans or lending or MCA loans or lending or MCA loans or uh something of that nature to be able uh something of that nature to be able uh something of that nature to be able to generate that type of return. Um to to generate that type of return. Um to to generate that type of return. Um to be able to pass that much to the be able to pass that much to the be able to pass that much to the investors in the pool on a regular investors in the pool on a regular investors in the pool on a regular basis. It's possible. I've seen it. Um probably not something I would probably not something I would probably not something I would participate in personally. Uh I just participate in personally. Uh I just participate in personally. Uh I just that's above my risk tolerance. Um, so I that's above my risk tolerance. Um, so I that's above my risk tolerance. Um, so I would have to do a bunch of research and would have to do a bunch of research and would have to do a bunch of research and due diligence before I'd be able to give due diligence before I'd be able to give due diligence before I'd be able to give you the definitive answer on it. Uh, but you the definitive answer on it. Uh, but you the definitive answer on it. Uh, but but viscerally, but viscerally, but viscerally, um, um, um, it's probably higher than my personal it's probably higher than my personal it's probably higher than my personal risk tolerance, so it's not something risk tolerance, so it's not something risk tolerance, so it's not something that I would look at allocating to. Uh, that I would look at allocating to. Uh, that I would look at allocating to. Uh, not to say that it is outside the risk not to say that it is outside the risk not to say that it is outside the risk tolerance of many other people in tolerance of many other people in tolerance of many other people in crypto. Obviously, you know, they've crypto. Obviously, you know, they've crypto. Obviously, you know, they've gained traction in the market. It sounds gained traction in the market. It sounds gained traction in the market. It sounds like a great deal, right? like if you like a great deal, right? like if you like a great deal, right? like if you could park your XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, H could park your XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, H could park your XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, H bar, whatever else it was that might be bar, whatever else it was that might be bar, whatever else it was that might be idle capital with them and be able to idle capital with them and be able to idle capital with them and be able to generate those types of returns. Um, I generate those types of returns. Um, I generate those types of returns. Um, I would want to understand how the assets would want to understand how the assets would want to understand how the assets are held, if they're segregated, if are held, if they're segregated, if are held, if they're segregated, if they're in qualified custody, if they're they're in qualified custody, if they're they're in qualified custody, if they're bankruptcy remote, how are they insured, bankruptcy remote, how are they insured, bankruptcy remote, how are they insured, am I a creditor of the pool, what's the am I a creditor of the pool, what's the am I a creditor of the pool, what's the lockup period, how is the yield being lockup period, how is the yield being lockup period, how is the yield being generated, how are you guys underwriting generated, how are you guys underwriting generated, how are you guys underwriting the risk on the things that you're the risk on the things that you're the risk on the things that you're investing in in order to be able to investing in in order to be able to investing in in order to be able to generate those types of returns. Um, are generate those types of returns. Um, are generate those types of returns. Um, are there rewards being paid to other people there rewards being paid to other people there rewards being paid to other people getting people into the pool? Um, getting people into the pool? Um, getting people into the pool? Um, there's just a lot of stuff that I would there's just a lot of stuff that I would there's just a lot of stuff that I would have to look through in order to be able have to look through in order to be able have to look through in order to be able to determine if I thought it was to determine if I thought it was to determine if I thought it was legitimate or not. But again, legitimate or not. But again, legitimate or not. But again, visceral reaction because I haven't visceral reaction because I haven't visceral reaction because I haven't heard of them before and I really don't heard of them before and I really don't heard of them before and I really don't know what it is and the level of returns know what it is and the level of returns know what it is and the level of returns that they're paying out in the current that they're paying out in the current that they're paying out in the current market conditions. market conditions. market conditions. It's not something that I would It's not something that I would It's not something that I would personally allocate to. Um, Um, Um, Christ is king. Great name. God is good Christ is king. Great name. God is good Christ is king. Great name. God is good all the time. Uh, he says, "If I claim all the time. Uh, he says, "If I claim all the time. Uh, he says, "If I claim exemption on W2 now to put extra money exemption on W2 now to put extra money exemption on W2 now to put extra money in XRP in hopes that they would get rid in XRP in hopes that they would get rid in XRP in hopes that they would get rid of the Fed, will I still owe back taxes? of the Fed, will I still owe back taxes? of the Fed, will I still owe back taxes? Bring back revolution over 2% Tax." Bring back revolution over 2% Tax." Bring back revolution over 2% Tax." Um, I mean, you can claim up to seven on on I mean, you can claim up to seven on on I mean, you can claim up to seven on on your taxes and basically not pay any uh your taxes and basically not pay any uh your taxes and basically not pay any uh in, you know, W2 employment tax. Um, in, you know, W2 employment tax. Um, in, you know, W2 employment tax. Um, Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Um, if you're willing to take that risk, if you're willing to take that risk, if you're willing to take that risk, that's on you. that's on you. that's on you. It's not something that I would It's not something that I would It's not something that I would personally do. personally do. personally do. Again, I'm with everybody else. I would Again, I'm with everybody else. I would Again, I'm with everybody else. I would love the IRS to just go away. I I think love the IRS to just go away. I I think love the IRS to just go away. I I think that the Treasury is going to take over that the Treasury is going to take over that the Treasury is going to take over and issue new money. Uh even Worsh has and issue new money. Uh even Worsh has and issue new money. Uh even Worsh has talked about consolidating the Fed's talked about consolidating the Fed's talked about consolidating the Fed's balance sheet uh and the Fed the balance sheet uh and the Fed the balance sheet uh and the Fed the Treasury moving to being able to issue Treasury moving to being able to issue Treasury moving to being able to issue the currency for the US. So I have a lot the currency for the US. So I have a lot the currency for the US. So I have a lot of hope for that. Um however, I don't of hope for that. Um however, I don't of hope for that. Um however, I don't think taxes are just going to be think taxes are just going to be think taxes are just going to be relegated to a thing of the past. I relegated to a thing of the past. I relegated to a thing of the past. I think that they'll be reduced over time think that they'll be reduced over time think that they'll be reduced over time as they roll out AI and GDP increases as they roll out AI and GDP increases as they roll out AI and GDP increases exponentially. exponentially. exponentially. They'll be paying UBI to people. that They'll be paying UBI to people. that They'll be paying UBI to people. that we, you know, Bezos came out um we, you know, Bezos came out um we, you know, Bezos came out um yesterday and said, you know, lower wage yesterday and said, you know, lower wage yesterday and said, you know, lower wage earners shouldn't be taxed. I would earners shouldn't be taxed. I would earners shouldn't be taxed. I would agree with him. I think that tax is is agree with him. I think that tax is is agree with him. I think that tax is is way too high for people that are earning way too high for people that are earning way too high for people that are earning less than like $150,000 a year. I think less than like $150,000 a year. I think less than like $150,000 a year. I think it's very difficult to live on less than it's very difficult to live on less than it's very difficult to live on less than that, especially if you're, you know, a that, especially if you're, you know, a that, especially if you're, you know, a married couple earning that much, married couple earning that much, married couple earning that much, depending on what part of the country depending on what part of the country depending on what part of the country you're in. like it's rough um to be able you're in. like it's rough um to be able you're in. like it's rough um to be able to afford food and have multiple kids to afford food and have multiple kids to afford food and have multiple kids and pay for all the things that you're and pay for all the things that you're and pay for all the things that you're doing on on that salary, especially if doing on on that salary, especially if doing on on that salary, especially if taxes are eating into that. So, you taxes are eating into that. So, you taxes are eating into that. So, you know, I I've said before, I think we're know, I I've said before, I think we're know, I I've said before, I think we're moving to a high universal basic income moving to a high universal basic income moving to a high universal basic income type situation. uh they'll be able to type situation. uh they'll be able to type situation. uh they'll be able to pay that with, you know, the GDP that's pay that with, you know, the GDP that's pay that with, you know, the GDP that's created through a the agentic economy created through a the agentic economy created through a the agentic economy and uh humanoid robots and all the other and uh humanoid robots and all the other and uh humanoid robots and all the other crazy futuristic stuff that's actually crazy futuristic stuff that's actually crazy futuristic stuff that's actually going to exist in the not too distant going to exist in the not too distant going to exist in the not too distant future. Um and again, hopefully that the future. Um and again, hopefully that the future. Um and again, hopefully that the IRS goes away and you know, we have IRS goes away and you know, we have IRS goes away and you know, we have self- sustaining systems that are able self- sustaining systems that are able self- sustaining systems that are able to generate enough revenue to be able to to generate enough revenue to be able to to generate enough revenue to be able to pay out social security uh without pay out social security uh without pay out social security uh without continued contributions, tariffs, and continued contributions, tariffs, and continued contributions, tariffs, and other mechanisms to be able to generate other mechanisms to be able to generate other mechanisms to be able to generate that as well. Uh, but until that's the that as well. Uh, but until that's the that as well. Uh, but until that's the case, case, case, I'm not going to skirt the IRS. I'm not going to skirt the IRS. I'm not going to skirt the IRS. Um, that's how you go to jail. So, Um, that's how you go to jail. So, Um, that's how you go to jail. So, yeah, that's my two cents on it. You yeah, that's my two cents on it. You yeah, that's my two cents on it. You could take the gamble again. Probably could take the gamble again. Probably could take the gamble again. Probably you should talk with a CPA is probably you should talk with a CPA is probably you should talk with a CPA is probably what I should tell you. Um, what I should tell you. Um, what I should tell you. Um, uh, I get I getting it. Uh, 310 says, uh, I get I getting it. Uh, 310 says, uh, I get I getting it. Uh, 310 says, "Mr. Jakester, Beyond Mastermind here." "Mr. Jakester, Beyond Mastermind here." "Mr. Jakester, Beyond Mastermind here." Uh there is no better community out Uh there is no better community out Uh there is no better community out there. Just want to say appreciate all there. Just want to say appreciate all there. Just want to say appreciate all the mods, Living Me Legacy, Til the mods, Living Me Legacy, Til the mods, Living Me Legacy, Til Valhalla, etc. Uh you're such a genuine Valhalla, etc. Uh you're such a genuine Valhalla, etc. Uh you're such a genuine dude. Uh it's definitely appreciated. dude. Uh it's definitely appreciated. dude. Uh it's definitely appreciated. Thank you, man. Um I agree with you. You Thank you, man. Um I agree with you. You Thank you, man. Um I agree with you. You know, I have a strong bias and affinity know, I have a strong bias and affinity know, I have a strong bias and affinity for the mastermind. Uh but for the mastermind. Uh but for the mastermind. Uh but um you know, all that being said, I I um you know, all that being said, I I um you know, all that being said, I I wouldn't It's surreal to wouldn't It's surreal to wouldn't It's surreal to see it come to fruition like it has and see it come to fruition like it has and see it come to fruition like it has and see the culture that's been built there. see the culture that's been built there. see the culture that's been built there. Uh I I'm at a loss for words most times. Uh I I'm at a loss for words most times. Uh I I'm at a loss for words most times. So many people want to help other people So many people want to help other people So many people want to help other people um navigate things that we have the um navigate things that we have the um navigate things that we have the learn do teach model. We're rolling out learn do teach model. We're rolling out learn do teach model. We're rolling out other courses. Um, and we have so many other courses. Um, and we have so many other courses. Um, and we have so many goodhearted people that want to create goodhearted people that want to create goodhearted people that want to create change in society and leave impacts and change in society and leave impacts and change in society and leave impacts and legacies uh for, you know, whatever legacies uh for, you know, whatever legacies uh for, you know, whatever cause or cause or cause or um, um, um, charity or whatever they want to set up. charity or whatever they want to set up. charity or whatever they want to set up. I think that that's, again, I've said I think that that's, again, I've said I think that that's, again, I've said this before on the live stream, but I'm this before on the live stream, but I'm this before on the live stream, but I'm pretty confident that that's going to be pretty confident that that's going to be pretty confident that that's going to be the biggest legacy of the mastermind is the biggest legacy of the mastermind is the biggest legacy of the mastermind is all the philanthropic organizations and all the philanthropic organizations and all the philanthropic organizations and great good that people there in the great good that people there in the great good that people there in the group are going to do. So, thank you for group are going to do. So, thank you for group are going to do. So, thank you for being a part of it. Thank you for being a part of it. Thank you for being a part of it. Thank you for advocating for it. Uh, and again, if any advocating for it. Uh, and again, if any advocating for it. Uh, and again, if any of that resonates with you and you want of that resonates with you and you want of that resonates with you and you want to check it out, try it. Um, to check it out, try it. Um, to check it out, try it. Um, monthtomonth, no contract, cancel monthtomonth, no contract, cancel monthtomonth, no contract, cancel anytime, uh, you can use the code anytime, uh, you can use the code anytime, uh, you can use the code beyondb broke all capitalized number one beyondb broke all capitalized number one beyondb broke all capitalized number one and then M like Mary Oscar gets you the and then M like Mary Oscar gets you the and then M like Mary Oscar gets you the first month for two bucks over there at first month for two bucks over there at first month for two bucks over there at the beyondbroke masterastermind.com. the beyondbroke masterastermind.com. the beyondbroke masterastermind.com. Um, XRP Cars says, Jake, uh, any updates Um, XRP Cars says, Jake, uh, any updates Um, XRP Cars says, Jake, uh, any updates with Uphold because I'm still waiting on with Uphold because I'm still waiting on with Uphold because I'm still waiting on the LLC to be able to finalize. your LLC the LLC to be able to finalize. your LLC the LLC to be able to finalize. your LLC is finalized. By the way, if you filed is finalized. By the way, if you filed is finalized. By the way, if you filed for the LLC, like that part's done. Uh for the LLC, like that part's done. Uh for the LLC, like that part's done. Uh there is a bug in the app that we there is a bug in the app that we there is a bug in the app that we discovered today that still shows discovered today that still shows discovered today that still shows pending for some people's LLC's. So, pending for some people's LLC's. So, pending for some people's LLC's. So, that's our bad on that. We we've got a that's our bad on that. We we've got a that's our bad on that. We we've got a fix being pushed for that. So, you'll be fix being pushed for that. So, you'll be fix being pushed for that. So, you'll be able to access all your documents and do able to access all your documents and do able to access all your documents and do all that. The only thing that you're all that. The only thing that you're all that. The only thing that you're talking about here, and that's the next talking about here, and that's the next talking about here, and that's the next question, says, "Can I buy XRP through question, says, "Can I buy XRP through question, says, "Can I buy XRP through DAG indirectly instead of Robin Hood?" DAG indirectly instead of Robin Hood?" DAG indirectly instead of Robin Hood?" Yes, you can. um as soon as Uphold goes Yes, you can. um as soon as Uphold goes Yes, you can. um as soon as Uphold goes through the KYB uh we have a little over through the KYB uh we have a little over through the KYB uh we have a little over a thousand counts um that have currently a thousand counts um that have currently a thousand counts um that have currently you know made it through that process you know made it through that process you know made it through that process and have that trading capability enabled and have that trading capability enabled and have that trading capability enabled uh in the application. Again, I'm very uh in the application. Again, I'm very uh in the application. Again, I'm very sorry for the delay. I appreciate your sorry for the delay. I appreciate your sorry for the delay. I appreciate your patience and grace in the process. um patience and grace in the process. um patience and grace in the process. um Uphold was extremely overwhelmed even Uphold was extremely overwhelmed even Uphold was extremely overwhelmed even though we told them though we told them though we told them you're going to see a significant volume you're going to see a significant volume you're going to see a significant volume of people move through the app in the of people move through the app in the of people move through the app in the first couple weeks and they were like first couple weeks and they were like first couple weeks and they were like yeah yeah we hear that all the time and yeah yeah we hear that all the time and yeah yeah we hear that all the time and then it did and they were like oh no uh then it did and they were like oh no uh then it did and they were like oh no uh crap. crap. crap. So they they're doing great. They're So they they're doing great. They're So they they're doing great. They're finally getting through the backlog and finally getting through the backlog and finally getting through the backlog and slogging through it. I appreciate all slogging through it. I appreciate all slogging through it. I appreciate all their help on it. Um so if you haven't their help on it. Um so if you haven't their help on it. Um so if you haven't been approved yet I would expect to be been approved yet I would expect to be been approved yet I would expect to be approved in the next 7 to 10 days. I approved in the next 7 to 10 days. I approved in the next 7 to 10 days. I know that's a long time. Uh and again, know that's a long time. Uh and again, know that's a long time. Uh and again, we're doing everything we can to push we're doing everything we can to push we're doing everything we can to push that along as fast as we can. They're that along as fast as we can. They're that along as fast as we can. They're building systems. They have all their building systems. They have all their building systems. They have all their entire compliance team reviewing our entire compliance team reviewing our entire compliance team reviewing our KYBS to like get people through the KYBS to like get people through the KYBS to like get people through the pipeline. Um so, as soon as that's pipeline. Um so, as soon as that's pipeline. Um so, as soon as that's available, yes, you will be able to available, yes, you will be able to available, yes, you will be able to purchase uh at a at a lesser cost than purchase uh at a at a lesser cost than purchase uh at a at a lesser cost than what it cost you on Uphold or pretty what it cost you on Uphold or pretty what it cost you on Uphold or pretty much any other retail application out much any other retail application out much any other retail application out there to be able to buy XRP inside the there to be able to buy XRP inside the there to be able to buy XRP inside the app. app. app. Um, Um, Um, I can't say when Christ is king. Again, I can't say when Christ is king. Again, I can't say when Christ is king. Again, like I said, I I feel like that's going like I said, I I feel like that's going like I said, I I feel like that's going to happen before the tokenization of the to happen before the tokenization of the to happen before the tokenization of the stock market. So, if that gives you a stock market. So, if that gives you a stock market. So, if that gives you a time frame, you know, and again, that's time frame, you know, and again, that's time frame, you know, and again, that's just my best guess. Um, this person says, "What would limit Um, this person says, "What would limit Um, this person says, "What would limit XRP to be used only around 10 times a XRP to be used only around 10 times a XRP to be used only around 10 times a day instead of 28,000 times?" Gemini day instead of 28,000 times?" Gemini day instead of 28,000 times?" Gemini says it can do. Um, again, says it can do. Um, again, says it can do. Um, again, go talk to Robbie Mitchnik. go talk to Robbie Mitchnik. go talk to Robbie Mitchnik. You don't I don't know the answer. I'm You don't I don't know the answer. I'm You don't I don't know the answer. I'm going off of what he's stated in the going off of what he's stated in the going off of what he's stated in the past. There's other things that David past. There's other things that David past. There's other things that David Schwarz has stated in the past. I'm Schwarz has stated in the past. I'm Schwarz has stated in the past. I'm going to go with the people that built going to go with the people that built going to go with the people that built the network that know how all this stuff the network that know how all this stuff the network that know how all this stuff works. Um, I again, like I've said many works. Um, I again, like I've said many works. Um, I again, like I've said many times, I know enough to be dangerous. I times, I know enough to be dangerous. I times, I know enough to be dangerous. I am not a coder. I have not, you know, am not a coder. I have not, you know, am not a coder. I have not, you know, been able to like rewrite the XRPL and been able to like rewrite the XRPL and been able to like rewrite the XRPL and understand every little intricacy in it understand every little intricacy in it understand every little intricacy in it or why organizations are limited in or why organizations are limited in or why organizations are limited in their capacity to use it, you know, over their capacity to use it, you know, over their capacity to use it, you know, over a certain duration of time. Um, for his a certain duration of time. Um, for his a certain duration of time. Um, for his calculator to show that number and that calculator to show that number and that calculator to show that number and that was the max you could push it to, um, was the max you could push it to, um, was the max you could push it to, um, until I interview Robbie Mitchnik, uh, until I interview Robbie Mitchnik, uh, until I interview Robbie Mitchnik, uh, and get to talk to him in person and ask and get to talk to him in person and ask and get to talk to him in person and ask him that question, I don't know the him that question, I don't know the him that question, I don't know the answer. I'm just going off of, you know, answer. I'm just going off of, you know, answer. I'm just going off of, you know, again, the guy that's the head of again, the guy that's the head of again, the guy that's the head of digital asset division at Black Rockck digital asset division at Black Rockck digital asset division at Black Rockck and what he put together. and what he put together. and what he put together. Uh, and again, LLMs can say whatever Uh, and again, LLMs can say whatever Uh, and again, LLMs can say whatever they want. U, they are not the end- all they want. U, they are not the end- all they want. U, they are not the end- all beall. They are a great tool. Um, but beall. They are a great tool. Um, but beall. They are a great tool. Um, but they, you know, you should still they, you know, you should still they, you know, you should still continue to question some of the continue to question some of the continue to question some of the information that's being provided to you information that's being provided to you information that's being provided to you through them. Um, because it's not through them. Um, because it's not through them. Um, because it's not always accurate. It's about 80% 85% always accurate. It's about 80% 85% always accurate. It's about 80% 85% accurate. Um, let's see here. I'm going to go Um, let's see here. I'm going to go Um, let's see here. I'm going to go ahead and wrap it after this one ahead and wrap it after this one ahead and wrap it after this one probably. Uh, Stuart, uh, Turkey Link, probably. Uh, Stuart, uh, Turkey Link, probably. Uh, Stuart, uh, Turkey Link, he says, "Random question. Just curious. he says, "Random question. Just curious. he says, "Random question. Just curious. Are you in a tea lady different from Are you in a tea lady different from Are you in a tea lady different from different parts of Texas? Her accent different parts of Texas? Her accent different parts of Texas? Her accent sounds much more classic Texan uh, to an sounds much more classic Texan uh, to an sounds much more classic Texan uh, to an outsider." Um, outsider." Um, outsider." Um, it, you know, I don't want to like it, you know, I don't want to like it, you know, I don't want to like not really. So, when we were we were not really. So, when we were we were not really. So, when we were we were both young, we were actually in the same both young, we were actually in the same both young, we were actually in the same city. Um, and then she moved further out city. Um, and then she moved further out city. Um, and then she moved further out East Texas and grew up there. I stayed, East Texas and grew up there. I stayed, East Texas and grew up there. I stayed, you know, closer to Dallas. Um, you know, closer to Dallas. Um, you know, closer to Dallas. Um, depending on who I'm around, I have a deep twang. uh you know, so I have a deep twang. uh you know, so I have a deep twang. uh you know, so you know, on here, this is how I talk you know, on here, this is how I talk you know, on here, this is how I talk most of the time. Uh but if if I'm most of the time. Uh but if if I'm most of the time. Uh but if if I'm around my wife or if we're at a rodeo um around my wife or if we're at a rodeo um around my wife or if we're at a rodeo um and I'm around the right people, I I and I'm around the right people, I I and I'm around the right people, I I definitely get a lot more Texan with my definitely get a lot more Texan with my definitely get a lot more Texan with my accent accent accent um than what I what I share on here. So, um than what I what I share on here. So, um than what I what I share on here. So, um, yeah, that would be all I could say um, yeah, that would be all I could say um, yeah, that would be all I could say to it is, uh, to it is, uh, to it is, uh, a little bit. I mean, just like if you I a little bit. I mean, just like if you I a little bit. I mean, just like if you I guess it's kind of like if you were in guess it's kind of like if you were in guess it's kind of like if you were in like different parts of New York and like different parts of New York and like different parts of New York and you're from New York, you can tell what you're from New York, you can tell what you're from New York, you can tell what street somebody grew up on. Same thing street somebody grew up on. Same thing street somebody grew up on. Same thing in um, in um, in um, like like like Europe Europe Europe there. There's kind of like little sects there. There's kind of like little sects there. There's kind of like little sects or areas that have just certain words or or areas that have just certain words or or areas that have just certain words or ways that they say things that are ways that they say things that are ways that they say things that are different even just a few streets or different even just a few streets or different even just a few streets or blocks over from one another. Um, so blocks over from one another. Um, so blocks over from one another. Um, so yeah, maybe there's that's the yeah, maybe there's that's the yeah, maybe there's that's the difference there as well is just the difference there as well is just the difference there as well is just the geographical difference in where we grew geographical difference in where we grew geographical difference in where we grew up here in the great state of Texas. Um, up here in the great state of Texas. Um, up here in the great state of Texas. Um, what are your thoughts on dinar hold or what are your thoughts on dinar hold or what are your thoughts on dinar hold or pass? People aren't going to like my answer on People aren't going to like my answer on People aren't going to like my answer on this one. I've said this before and we this one. I've said this before and we this one. I've said this before and we have a lot of clients that hold a lot of have a lot of clients that hold a lot of have a lot of clients that hold a lot of dinar and zong and dim. Um, dinar and zong and dim. Um, dinar and zong and dim. Um, look, look, look, I hope you guys are right. I hope you'll I hope you guys are right. I hope you'll I hope you guys are right. I hope you'll make so much money and I am just make so much money and I am just make so much money and I am just ignorant and I completely passed on it. ignorant and I completely passed on it. ignorant and I completely passed on it. Um, and it gets revalued in the same way Um, and it gets revalued in the same way Um, and it gets revalued in the same way that that that people think it's going that that that people think it's going that that that people think it's going to. I I look at history in the past and to. I I look at history in the past and to. I I look at history in the past and how this stuff's gone. And when there's how this stuff's gone. And when there's how this stuff's gone. And when there's revaluations on currency, they issue new revaluations on currency, they issue new revaluations on currency, they issue new currency and there's an exchange rate currency and there's an exchange rate currency and there's an exchange rate from the old currency to the new one. from the old currency to the new one. from the old currency to the new one. I would love that not to be the case I would love that not to be the case I would love that not to be the case with the dinar. I would love them to with the dinar. I would love them to with the dinar. I would love them to just back it with oil and the price to just back it with oil and the price to just back it with oil and the price to skyrocket in comparison to everybody skyrocket in comparison to everybody skyrocket in comparison to everybody else. Uh and people that are holding else. Uh and people that are holding else. Uh and people that are holding that currency make a ton of money that currency make a ton of money that currency make a ton of money because again like a ton of our clients because again like a ton of our clients because again like a ton of our clients hold significant allocations to it. So, hold significant allocations to it. So, hold significant allocations to it. So, for me, I don't I don't personally have for me, I don't I don't personally have for me, I don't I don't personally have any exposure. Uh I think it's going to any exposure. Uh I think it's going to any exposure. Uh I think it's going to go a way that a lot of people aren't go a way that a lot of people aren't go a way that a lot of people aren't hoping for. Uh but again, I would love hoping for. Uh but again, I would love hoping for. Uh but again, I would love to be wrong about that and just I'm okay to be wrong about that and just I'm okay to be wrong about that and just I'm okay with the XRP exposure that I have. with the XRP exposure that I have. with the XRP exposure that I have. That's that's my game. Um I know that I That's that's my game. Um I know that I That's that's my game. Um I know that I missed some super chats here. missed some super chats here. missed some super chats here. Uh oh, man. All right, we got we got six Uh oh, man. All right, we got we got six Uh oh, man. All right, we got we got six minutes. I'm going to rapid fire these minutes. I'm going to rapid fire these minutes. I'm going to rapid fire these because they're they're some good ones. because they're they're some good ones. because they're they're some good ones. Um, APMM says, "God bless you, sir. Uh, Um, APMM says, "God bless you, sir. Uh, Um, APMM says, "God bless you, sir. Uh, guide to how to protect your crypto guide to how to protect your crypto guide to how to protect your crypto against future threat. Uh, what silly against future threat. Uh, what silly against future threat. Uh, what silly things people do and loss all with due things people do and loss all with due things people do and loss all with due respect, uh, we do have, we hope you respect, uh, we do have, we hope you respect, uh, we do have, we hope you will stay on the right side if they come will stay on the right side if they come will stay on the right side if they come to buy your integrity. to buy your integrity. to buy your integrity. I don't know who they is. Um, I don't know who they is. Um, I don't know who they is. Um, but but but if if they show up, I will I will tell if if they show up, I will I will tell if if they show up, I will I will tell them what for. them what for. them what for. Um, Cody, he says, "I got HAR, XRP, TA, Um, Cody, he says, "I got HAR, XRP, TA, Um, Cody, he says, "I got HAR, XRP, TA, VVV, ICP, Zbec, Caspa, and Monad. Har VVV, ICP, Zbec, Caspa, and Monad. Har VVV, ICP, Zbec, Caspa, and Monad. Har worth holding. Thinking about selling worth holding. Thinking about selling worth holding. Thinking about selling for more XRP. XRP fills higher ROI. for more XRP. XRP fills higher ROI. for more XRP. XRP fills higher ROI. Thoughts?" I think XRP is a higher ROI Thoughts?" I think XRP is a higher ROI Thoughts?" I think XRP is a higher ROI than anything else you're holding than anything else you're holding than anything else you're holding personally. Um ICP has a big all-time personally. Um ICP has a big all-time personally. Um ICP has a big all-time high. I don't know what VVV is. TA's got high. I don't know what VVV is. TA's got high. I don't know what VVV is. TA's got Bit Tensor. Bit Tensor. Bit Tensor. You know, I know people have gone to go You know, I know people have gone to go You know, I know people have gone to go work for that deal and then change work for that deal and then change work for that deal and then change positions. Uh not to say that it's not positions. Uh not to say that it's not positions. Uh not to say that it's not good. Um it's just not my cup of tea. Uh good. Um it's just not my cup of tea. Uh good. Um it's just not my cup of tea. Uh Zbeck, I think, has a very niche Zbeck, I think, has a very niche Zbeck, I think, has a very niche application for payrolls. Um, it's application for payrolls. Um, it's application for payrolls. Um, it's great, but I just don't know that the great, but I just don't know that the great, but I just don't know that the price appreciation is going to be there price appreciation is going to be there price appreciation is going to be there in the capacity a lot of people are in the capacity a lot of people are in the capacity a lot of people are hoping for. Uh, Caspa, ah, that's hoping for. Uh, Caspa, ah, that's hoping for. Uh, Caspa, ah, that's another one I'm like, another one I'm like, another one I'm like, I don't know. I don't know enough about I don't know. I don't know enough about I don't know. I don't know enough about it to to really comment one way or the it to to really comment one way or the it to to really comment one way or the other. Same thing with Monad. So, uh, other. Same thing with Monad. So, uh, other. Same thing with Monad. So, uh, out of the ones that you have, I would out of the ones that you have, I would out of the ones that you have, I would be the biggest advocate for e XRP and be the biggest advocate for e XRP and be the biggest advocate for e XRP and har personally. Um, again, this is just har personally. Um, again, this is just har personally. Um, again, this is just one man's opinion. you should probably one man's opinion. you should probably one man's opinion. you should probably listen to a bunch of other people to listen to a bunch of other people to listen to a bunch of other people to come to your own conclusions. It sounds come to your own conclusions. It sounds come to your own conclusions. It sounds like you have um like you have um like you have um you know can't give you financial you know can't give you financial you know can't give you financial advice. Uh if you you know are advice. Uh if you you know are advice. Uh if you you know are diversified like you are, it's probably diversified like you are, it's probably diversified like you are, it's probably good to have exposure across the board. good to have exposure across the board. good to have exposure across the board. Um if you have uncertainties about which Um if you have uncertainties about which Um if you have uncertainties about which one of these is going to be the thing or one of these is going to be the thing or one of these is going to be the thing or uh which ones are going to work out and uh which ones are going to work out and uh which ones are going to work out and which ones aren't and so you know you're which ones aren't and so you know you're which ones aren't and so you know you're probably doing the right thing for you probably doing the right thing for you probably doing the right thing for you and your financial position uh just and your financial position uh just and your financial position uh just based on you know the allocations that based on you know the allocations that based on you know the allocations that you have. I think you condensed it you have. I think you condensed it you have. I think you condensed it pretty well. It's not like you have 50 pretty well. It's not like you have 50 pretty well. It's not like you have 50 different cryptos. It sounds like you've different cryptos. It sounds like you've different cryptos. It sounds like you've gone deep on, you know, one, two, three, gone deep on, you know, one, two, three, gone deep on, you know, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight positions. four, five, six, seven, eight positions. four, five, six, seven, eight positions. I did really well on 13 positions in I did really well on 13 positions in I did really well on 13 positions in 2020 and 2021. And I think I was over 2020 and 2021. And I think I was over 2020 and 2021. And I think I was over diversified uh during that period. So, diversified uh during that period. So, diversified uh during that period. So, um yeah, that's that's my thoughts um yeah, that's that's my thoughts um yeah, that's that's my thoughts there. Uh and then cosmic wind and fire, there. Uh and then cosmic wind and fire, there. Uh and then cosmic wind and fire, actually, sorry, cosmic fire within, actually, sorry, cosmic fire within, actually, sorry, cosmic fire within, excuse me. Uh they say, "Hey Jake, just excuse me. Uh they say, "Hey Jake, just excuse me. Uh they say, "Hey Jake, just curious how we get institutional curious how we get institutional curious how we get institutional adoption for XRP. Won't the banks use adoption for XRP. Won't the banks use adoption for XRP. Won't the banks use Ripple's stable coin?" Uh Ripple states its main thing to sell Uh Ripple states its main thing to sell Uh Ripple states its main thing to sell XRP to fund operations. Just trying to XRP to fund operations. Just trying to XRP to fund operations. Just trying to make sense of all these coins. Um Um Um you know what? There will be a video you know what? There will be a video you know what? There will be a video that's released here in the next three that's released here in the next three that's released here in the next three to five days that explains all that. to five days that explains all that. to five days that explains all that. uh it'll be out on the channel. It's XRP uh it'll be out on the channel. It's XRP uh it'll be out on the channel. It's XRP versus ROUSD. versus ROUSD. versus ROUSD. Um and it'll give you a full sense of Um and it'll give you a full sense of Um and it'll give you a full sense of what those two do and why one would be what those two do and why one would be what those two do and why one would be used over the other. Um in short answer, used over the other. Um in short answer, used over the other. Um in short answer, uh what I'll say is there there's uh what I'll say is there there's uh what I'll say is there there's counterparty risk with Ripple. Banks and counterparty risk with Ripple. Banks and counterparty risk with Ripple. Banks and institutions don't want to make Ripple institutions don't want to make Ripple institutions don't want to make Ripple rich. They want to make themselves rich. rich. They want to make themselves rich. rich. They want to make themselves rich. They're going to issue their own stable They're going to issue their own stable They're going to issue their own stable coins. They're not going to want to hold coins. They're not going to want to hold coins. They're not going to want to hold Ripple stable coin. uh smaller banks and Ripple stable coin. uh smaller banks and Ripple stable coin. uh smaller banks and you know regional banks and some others you know regional banks and some others you know regional banks and some others might be willing to you know leverage might be willing to you know leverage might be willing to you know leverage Ripple's infrastructure and utilize Ripple's infrastructure and utilize Ripple's infrastructure and utilize their tokens um for different their tokens um for different their tokens um for different applications because it they don't want applications because it they don't want applications because it they don't want to have to deal with the additional to have to deal with the additional to have to deal with the additional complexity and they may not have the complexity and they may not have the complexity and they may not have the money to buy the treasuries to be able money to buy the treasuries to be able money to buy the treasuries to be able to issue their own stable coins. uh to issue their own stable coins. uh to issue their own stable coins. uh large scale institutions are absolutely large scale institutions are absolutely large scale institutions are absolutely going to issue their own stable coins going to issue their own stable coins going to issue their own stable coins and do not want to work with Ripple in and do not want to work with Ripple in and do not want to work with Ripple in that capacity, but they need that capacity, but they need that capacity, but they need interoperability and if somebody wants interoperability and if somebody wants interoperability and if somebody wants Rod on the other side of the transaction Rod on the other side of the transaction Rod on the other side of the transaction and JP Morgan wants to send the money, and JP Morgan wants to send the money, and JP Morgan wants to send the money, they need to be able to route that they need to be able to route that they need to be able to route that through a DEX which is XRP. through a DEX which is XRP. through a DEX which is XRP. So, um XRP will absolutely be used. If So, um XRP will absolutely be used. If So, um XRP will absolutely be used. If it's not, then they're just going to it's not, then they're just going to it's not, then they're just going to have an exacerbation of the Nostrovostro have an exacerbation of the Nostrovostro have an exacerbation of the Nostrovostro accounts globally. you know, instead of accounts globally. you know, instead of accounts globally. you know, instead of $27 trillion locked up, you're going to $27 trillion locked up, you're going to $27 trillion locked up, you're going to have like 50 or 60 trillion dollars have like 50 or 60 trillion dollars have like 50 or 60 trillion dollars locked up. The whole point is to unlock locked up. The whole point is to unlock locked up. The whole point is to unlock that capital, not lock up more. So, um, that capital, not lock up more. So, um, that capital, not lock up more. So, um, banks don't want counterparty risk, and banks don't want counterparty risk, and banks don't want counterparty risk, and they also want to enrich themselves by they also want to enrich themselves by they also want to enrich themselves by holding the treasuries and issuing their holding the treasuries and issuing their holding the treasuries and issuing their own stable coins. So, no. uh unless they own stable coins. So, no. uh unless they own stable coins. So, no. uh unless they don't have the capability to do either don't have the capability to do either don't have the capability to do either of those things or they want to work of those things or they want to work of those things or they want to work with Ripple because they don't have with Ripple because they don't have with Ripple because they don't have either of those things um then they're either of those things um then they're either of those things um then they're going to be doing it themselves and they going to be doing it themselves and they going to be doing it themselves and they would just settle through XRP and not would just settle through XRP and not would just settle through XRP and not utilize ROSD. All right. Uh that is going to be all I All right. Uh that is going to be all I All right. Uh that is going to be all I have time for tonight. Again, appreciate have time for tonight. Again, appreciate have time for tonight. Again, appreciate you guys taking time out of your you guys taking time out of your you guys taking time out of your Wednesday to come hang out with me. Uh Wednesday to come hang out with me. Uh Wednesday to come hang out with me. Uh hopefully this was valuable for you. hopefully this was valuable for you. hopefully this was valuable for you. Please like, sub, share, subscribe, Please like, sub, share, subscribe, Please like, sub, share, subscribe, subscribe to the channel. Uh again, subscribe to the channel. Uh again, subscribe to the channel. Uh again, trying to get over 200,000. uh here on trying to get over 200,000. uh here on trying to get over 200,000. uh here on YouTube. Uh if you want to join the YouTube. Uh if you want to join the YouTube. Uh if you want to join the mastermind, you like this, but you want mastermind, you like this, but you want mastermind, you like this, but you want more, you want more in-depth analysis, more, you want more in-depth analysis, more, you want more in-depth analysis, you want some of the behindthescenes you want some of the behindthescenes you want some of the behindthescenes stuff, uh you know, private events, um stuff, uh you know, private events, um stuff, uh you know, private events, um private deals, financial education, uh private deals, financial education, uh private deals, financial education, uh and much much more. You can go check and much much more. You can go check and much much more. You can go check that out. It is at beyondbroke.com. You that out. It is at beyondbroke.com. You that out. It is at beyondbroke.com. You can use code beyond broke, all can use code beyond broke, all can use code beyond broke, all capitalized number one, and then mo like capitalized number one, and then mo like capitalized number one, and then mo like mayor Oscar gives you the first month mayor Oscar gives you the first month mayor Oscar gives you the first month for two bucks there in the group. Um, for two bucks there in the group. Um, for two bucks there in the group. Um, and then if you would like the LLC to be and then if you would like the LLC to be and then if you would like the LLC to be able to manage your digital assets, have able to manage your digital assets, have able to manage your digital assets, have the anonymity, creditor protection, and the anonymity, creditor protection, and the anonymity, creditor protection, and you want it all set up and done the you want it all set up and done the you want it all set up and done the right way in order to be able to right way in order to be able to right way in order to be able to maintain that, uh, you can work with us. maintain that, uh, you can work with us. maintain that, uh, you can work with us. All you got to do is download or so, not All you got to do is download or so, not All you got to do is download or so, not download, it's a web app. Go to download, it's a web app. Go to download, it's a web app. Go to appap.digital appap.digital appap.digital ascension.com. Uh, set up the LLC, ascension.com. Uh, set up the LLC, ascension.com. Uh, set up the LLC, upload your LLC, uh, get a bank account upload your LLC, uh, get a bank account upload your LLC, uh, get a bank account there through Uphold, uh, or the trading there through Uphold, uh, or the trading there through Uphold, uh, or the trading functionality. uh 1% on trading fees functionality. uh 1% on trading fees functionality. uh 1% on trading fees with no spread. Uh cheapest out there. with no spread. Uh cheapest out there. with no spread. Uh cheapest out there. Um and then last but not least, if you Um and then last but not least, if you Um and then last but not least, if you have over 50,000 XRP or at least have over 50,000 XRP or at least have over 50,000 XRP or at least $100,000 in digital assets, and you want $100,000 in digital assets, and you want $100,000 in digital assets, and you want access to institutional custody, uh you access to institutional custody, uh you access to institutional custody, uh you want an advisor, you want access to want an advisor, you want access to want an advisor, you want access to lending, you want access to other lending, you want access to other lending, you want access to other products and solutions to be able to products and solutions to be able to products and solutions to be able to generate returns on your XRP, all you generate returns on your XRP, all you generate returns on your XRP, all you got to do is go to got to do is go to got to do is go to digitalwealthpartners.net digitalwealthpartners.net digitalwealthpartners.net and go to the contact us form, fill that and go to the contact us form, fill that and go to the contact us form, fill that out, and one of our adviserss will reach out, and one of our adviserss will reach out, and one of our adviserss will reach out. Uh again, thank you for taking time out. Uh again, thank you for taking time out. Uh again, thank you for taking time out of your Wednesday. Uh hopefully you out of your Wednesday. Uh hopefully you out of your Wednesday. Uh hopefully you guys have a wonderful week, a wonderful guys have a wonderful week, a wonderful guys have a wonderful week, a wonderful weekend, and we'll see you on the next weekend, and we'll see you on the next weekend, and we'll see you on the next one.",
"segments": [
  {
    "start": "00:00:26.720",
    "end": "00:00:32.320",
    "text": "All right,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:29.359",
    "end": "00:00:34.960",
    "text": "it's Wednesday night. Hopefully you guys"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:32.320",
    "end": "00:00:36.880",
    "text": "are having a good week."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:34.960",
    "end": "00:00:39.120",
    "text": "Lots of fun stuff happening on out there"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:36.880",
    "end": "00:00:41.760",
    "text": "in the market. Well, it's kind of red,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:39.120",
    "end": "00:00:43.440",
    "text": "so you know, that part's not fun, but uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:41.760",
    "end": "00:00:46.399",
    "text": "we got a lot of talk lot to talk about"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:43.440",
    "end": "00:00:48.960",
    "text": "tonight. Um different things shaking,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:46.399",
    "end": "00:00:51.039",
    "text": "moving. Um, so we'll jump into that, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:48.960",
    "end": "00:00:53.440",
    "text": "know, uh, talk about the macro, about"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:51.039",
    "end": "00:00:57.199",
    "text": "regulations, where that's at. Uh, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:53.440",
    "end": "00:00:59.359",
    "text": "all of the other, um, things that are,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:57.199",
    "end": "00:01:00.719",
    "text": "you know, impacting your potential"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:00:59.359",
    "end": "00:01:03.280",
    "text": "investments in your portfolio when it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:00.719",
    "end": "00:01:05.680",
    "text": "comes to crypto. Uh, happy to jump into"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:03.280",
    "end": "00:01:07.200",
    "text": "tax, estate planning, all the other fun"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:05.680",
    "end": "00:01:09.200",
    "text": "stuff that we do at Digital Ascension"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:07.200",
    "end": "00:01:11.200",
    "text": "Group. And I'll just go ahead and start"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:09.200",
    "end": "00:01:13.280",
    "text": "with my disclaimer because it came to my"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:11.200",
    "end": "00:01:16.159",
    "text": "mind. Uh, everything here is for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:13.280",
    "end": "00:01:18.000",
    "text": "entertainment educational purposes. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:16.159",
    "end": "00:01:20.159",
    "text": "nothing should be considered financial"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:18.000",
    "end": "00:01:22.560",
    "text": "advice. You should always seek counsel"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:20.159",
    "end": "00:01:24.720",
    "text": "from a financial adviser before making"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:22.560",
    "end": "00:01:26.320",
    "text": "any investment decisions. If you need a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:24.720",
    "end": "00:01:28.240",
    "text": "licensed financial adviser, you can"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:26.320",
    "end": "00:01:29.600",
    "text": "always work with Digital Ascension"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:28.240",
    "end": "00:01:33.759",
    "text": "Group. Uh, we have people that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:29.600",
    "end": "00:01:38.079",
    "text": "licensed with 65, 63, 7, 66. I think we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:33.759",
    "end": "00:01:39.920",
    "text": "have a 24 and a three also. So, lots of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:38.079",
    "end": "00:01:42.640",
    "text": "licenses over there on that side of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:39.920",
    "end": "00:01:44.159",
    "text": "business. And um, you know, any of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:42.640",
    "end": "00:01:45.520",
    "text": "things that I share are my opinions."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:44.159",
    "end": "00:01:46.640",
    "text": "They are not the opinions of Digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:45.520",
    "end": "00:01:48.960",
    "text": "Ascension Group or any of its"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:46.640",
    "end": "00:01:51.759",
    "text": "subsidiaries. So, now that that's out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:48.960",
    "end": "00:01:54.240",
    "text": "the way, uh we can jump into all the fun"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:51.759",
    "end": "00:01:57.600",
    "text": "stuff when it comes to the macro and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:54.240",
    "end": "00:01:59.920",
    "text": "everything else. Um really haven't had a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:57.600",
    "end": "00:02:01.360",
    "text": "ton of time to go out on Twitter today,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:01:59.920",
    "end": "00:02:02.880",
    "text": "uh and see everything that's going on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:01.360",
    "end": "00:02:06.399",
    "text": "out there. I don't think that there was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:02.880",
    "end": "00:02:09.520",
    "text": "anything huge huge that happened in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:06.399",
    "end": "00:02:10.800",
    "text": "market. Um we have seen some liquidity"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:09.520",
    "end": "00:02:14.160",
    "text": "providers partner with Ripple here"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:10.800",
    "end": "00:02:17.360",
    "text": "recently, which is a good deal. Um they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:14.160",
    "end": "00:02:19.360",
    "text": "had another one I think come out today"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:17.360",
    "end": "00:02:21.680",
    "text": "uh earlier in the week, you know, 200"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:19.360",
    "end": "00:02:23.520",
    "text": "million being put with them to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:21.680",
    "end": "00:02:25.840",
    "text": "to provide liquidity across margin"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:23.520",
    "end": "00:02:27.120",
    "text": "assets over there at Ripple Prime. Um I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:25.840",
    "end": "00:02:28.959",
    "text": "believe that that was another 200"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:27.120",
    "end": "00:02:31.840",
    "text": "million that was placed with him today."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:28.959",
    "end": "00:02:33.440",
    "text": "Uh you got the Jack McDonald uh he was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:31.840",
    "end": "00:02:34.959",
    "text": "on a podcast here recently with Rachel"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:33.440",
    "end": "00:02:36.000",
    "text": "Wolfson. If you guys haven't shot, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:34.959",
    "end": "00:02:38.000",
    "text": "know, checked that out, I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:36.000",
    "end": "00:02:40.400",
    "text": "encourage you to go do so. Uh Rachel"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:38.000",
    "end": "00:02:42.720",
    "text": "puts out on awesome content. Uh shout"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:40.400",
    "end": "00:02:45.519",
    "text": "out to her. Uh she was nice enough to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:42.720",
    "end": "00:02:46.560",
    "text": "invite me to a polo event uh in Miami"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:45.519",
    "end": "00:02:50.319",
    "text": "while I was still there, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:46.560",
    "end": "00:02:52.080",
    "text": "unfortunately wasn't able to attend. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:50.319",
    "end": "00:02:53.519",
    "text": "she's at all the conferences. I actually"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:52.080",
    "end": "00:02:55.840",
    "text": "ran into Eleanor Terret the other day,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:53.519",
    "end": "00:02:58.080",
    "text": "too. She was up there uh or out there in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:55.840",
    "end": "00:03:00.000",
    "text": "Bermuda. Uh didn't get to talk. She said"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:02:58.080",
    "end": "00:03:03.040",
    "text": "hi as she passed by. So before she"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:00.000",
    "end": "00:03:06.000",
    "text": "moderated that panel. Um but a shout out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:03.040",
    "end": "00:03:06.879",
    "text": "to both of them. Haven't What you doing?"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:06.000",
    "end": "00:03:07.840",
    "text": ">> Oh, it's fine."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:06.879",
    "end": "00:03:10.400",
    "text": ">> Okay."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:07.840",
    "end": "00:03:13.440",
    "text": ">> Also, that's the team."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:10.400",
    "end": "00:03:18.360",
    "text": "And you have two miss super chats and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:13.440",
    "end": "00:03:18.360",
    "text": "unfortunately it's in stuff. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:18.400",
    "end": "00:03:20.959",
    "text": ">> my wife's making sure we're staying on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:20.319",
    "end": "00:03:22.480",
    "text": "track here,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:20.959",
    "end": "00:03:25.120",
    "text": ">> messing stuff up,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:22.480",
    "end": "00:03:27.360",
    "text": ">> keeping keeping up with the super chats."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:25.120",
    "end": "00:03:31.280",
    "text": "Um we'll we'll make sure that we get"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:27.360",
    "end": "00:03:32.720",
    "text": "both of those. Uh shout out to uh the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:31.280",
    "end": "00:03:34.560",
    "text": "gentleman that you know helped us out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:32.720",
    "end": "00:03:35.360",
    "text": "with the tea. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:34.560",
    "end": "00:03:38.080",
    "text": ">> Mr. Dapper."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:35.360",
    "end": "00:03:40.799",
    "text": ">> Mr. Dapper on the tea. This is the tea"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:38.080",
    "end": "00:03:44.319",
    "text": "lady blend tonight. Uh here we go. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:40.799",
    "end": "00:03:45.760",
    "text": "couples. Thank you, babe. All right."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:44.319",
    "end": "00:03:48.640",
    "text": "Uh so what else is going out there in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:45.760",
    "end": "00:03:52.159",
    "text": "the market? Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:48.640",
    "end": "00:03:53.280",
    "text": "again, you know, these um people"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:52.159",
    "end": "00:03:54.799",
    "text": "providing liquidity over there for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:53.280",
    "end": "00:03:56.239",
    "text": "Ripple Prime's balance sheet. I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:54.799",
    "end": "00:03:57.680",
    "text": "that's good for everybody. So for those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:56.239",
    "end": "00:04:00.080",
    "text": "that don't understand what that what"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:03:57.680",
    "end": "00:04:04.080",
    "text": "that business does, cross margining"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:00.080",
    "end": "00:04:07.040",
    "text": "assets is a big big deal. uh Dapper Dan."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:04.080",
    "end": "00:04:10.000",
    "text": "Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:07.040",
    "end": "00:04:11.920",
    "text": "really Purple Prime is the first broker"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:10.000",
    "end": "00:04:16.239",
    "text": "and you could probably consider Falcon X"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:11.920",
    "end": "00:04:18.639",
    "text": "in the same um demographic of prime"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:16.239",
    "end": "00:04:21.680",
    "text": "brokers that are willing to margin uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:18.639",
    "end": "00:04:22.880",
    "text": "digital assets and give So what does"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:21.680",
    "end": "00:04:24.720",
    "text": "that mean? Basically, you're able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:22.880",
    "end": "00:04:27.600",
    "text": "post that as collateral with them and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:24.720",
    "end": "00:04:30.400",
    "text": "then they use that collateral um and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:27.600",
    "end": "00:04:31.759",
    "text": "margin it and you can put that into"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:30.400",
    "end": "00:04:35.520",
    "text": "other things. So whether that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:31.759",
    "end": "00:04:37.360",
    "text": "treasuries or bonds or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:35.520",
    "end": "00:04:39.280",
    "text": "you know if you want to have it in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:37.360",
    "end": "00:04:42.240",
    "text": "stocks you you can park it wherever you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:39.280",
    "end": "00:04:45.280",
    "text": "want. Um this person said what's my"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:42.240",
    "end": "00:04:47.360",
    "text": "shirt? Uh this was a gift. Uh I play a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:45.280",
    "end": "00:04:48.720",
    "text": "little golf. Uh and so a gentleman you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:47.360",
    "end": "00:04:50.240",
    "text": "know sent me some shirts. I figured I'd"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:48.720",
    "end": "00:04:52.560",
    "text": "wear it on it here for him. Shout out to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:50.240",
    "end": "00:04:56.240",
    "text": "him. Thank you. You know who you are. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:52.560",
    "end": "00:04:58.080",
    "text": "appreciate the swag. Um so back to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:56.240",
    "end": "00:04:59.440",
    "text": "margin. you know, for a lot of people"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:58.080",
    "end": "00:05:04.080",
    "text": "that are holding digital assets, whether"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:04:59.440",
    "end": "00:05:05.680",
    "text": "that's Bitcoin, Ethereum, USDT, USDC,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:04.080",
    "end": "00:05:08.720",
    "text": "XRPP,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:05.680",
    "end": "00:05:11.199",
    "text": "uh, all of that you'd be able to, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:08.720",
    "end": "00:05:15.039",
    "text": "know, park on the balance sheet there"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:11.199",
    "end": "00:05:16.639",
    "text": "with Ripple Prime and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:15.039",
    "end": "00:05:19.759",
    "text": "if you're an institution, so let me"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:16.639",
    "end": "00:05:21.919",
    "text": "caveat that they do not face retail. um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:19.759",
    "end": "00:05:24.080",
    "text": "they might you know face off with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:21.919",
    "end": "00:05:25.840",
    "text": "somebody else that could aggregate that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:24.080",
    "end": "00:05:28.160",
    "text": "and reflect it with them and a single"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:25.840",
    "end": "00:05:30.240",
    "text": "counterparty that was an institution um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:28.160",
    "end": "00:05:33.520",
    "text": "but they will not you know maybe maybe"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:30.240",
    "end": "00:05:35.840",
    "text": "three four years now like from now like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:33.520",
    "end": "00:05:37.680",
    "text": "David David Schwarz was talking about um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:35.840",
    "end": "00:05:40.800",
    "text": "at XRP Vegas you know they might make"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:37.680",
    "end": "00:05:42.160",
    "text": "their way downstream to retail but as it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:40.800",
    "end": "00:05:44.479",
    "text": "sits today it's just going to be on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:42.160",
    "end": "00:05:46.880",
    "text": "institutional side ever I would expect"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:44.479",
    "end": "00:05:49.600",
    "text": "you know because of their ties there uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:46.880",
    "end": "00:05:51.039",
    "text": "probably you know will be using the XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:49.600",
    "end": "00:05:53.280",
    "text": "on their balance sheet in some capacity"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:51.039",
    "end": "00:05:54.639",
    "text": "with Ripple Prime. Uh we'll have to see"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:53.280",
    "end": "00:05:57.360",
    "text": "you know what that looks like or if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:54.639",
    "end": "00:05:59.360",
    "text": "that's even the case, but um you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:57.360",
    "end": "00:06:01.680",
    "text": "just speculating that that might be the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:05:59.360",
    "end": "00:06:03.759",
    "text": "case based on you know their positioning"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:01.680",
    "end": "00:06:06.800",
    "text": "in the market and you know their close"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:03.759",
    "end": "00:06:08.240",
    "text": "ties with Ripple. Um but that's the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:06.800",
    "end": "00:06:10.639",
    "text": "benefit there. You're able to post that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:08.240",
    "end": "00:06:12.560",
    "text": "as collateral margin it be able to get"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:10.639",
    "end": "00:06:14.400",
    "text": "access to other investments to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:12.560",
    "end": "00:06:17.039",
    "text": "to generate cash flow off of that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:14.400",
    "end": "00:06:19.120",
    "text": "position as far as says XRP going to a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:17.039",
    "end": "00:06:20.560",
    "text": "million. I would love to see it. Uh I do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:19.120",
    "end": "00:06:24.199",
    "text": "think eventually we'll get there, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:20.560",
    "end": "00:06:24.199",
    "text": "not here in 2026"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:24.639",
    "end": "00:06:29.759",
    "text": "from that'd be a wild ride from a$140 to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:27.680",
    "end": "00:06:32.479",
    "text": "a million bucks. You know, three four"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:29.759",
    "end": "00:06:34.800",
    "text": "digits here this year. I could see that."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:32.479",
    "end": "00:06:36.800",
    "text": "Uh actually think that personally. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:34.800",
    "end": "00:06:39.680",
    "text": "but again, that requires macro events."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:36.800",
    "end": "00:06:42.720",
    "text": "And also on the macro side, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:39.680",
    "end": "00:06:46.560",
    "text": "still watching oil uh hang out around 16"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:42.720",
    "end": "00:06:51.039",
    "text": "17,000 uh yen per barrel. Um still"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:46.560",
    "end": "00:06:52.960",
    "text": "watching the uh JPY uh 10-year continue"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:51.039",
    "end": "00:06:55.919",
    "text": "to rise. Bond yields are rising across"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:52.960",
    "end": "00:06:58.160",
    "text": "the board. Um people selling off bonds"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:55.919",
    "end": "00:07:00.880",
    "text": "because they are scared that they are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:06:58.160",
    "end": "00:07:03.680",
    "text": "going to have some volatility or not be,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:00.880",
    "end": "00:07:06.240",
    "text": "you know, paying out. Um Japan has"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:03.680",
    "end": "00:07:08.319",
    "text": "dumped a ton of treasuries in the last"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:06.240",
    "end": "00:07:10.639",
    "text": "couple months here to be able to push"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:08.319",
    "end": "00:07:14.560",
    "text": "the yen up against the dollar or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:10.639",
    "end": "00:07:15.840",
    "text": "strengthen their currency. Um, but I I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:14.560",
    "end": "00:07:17.680",
    "text": "think, you know, they've intervened in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:15.840",
    "end": "00:07:19.440",
    "text": "the currency market five times now. Like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:17.680",
    "end": "00:07:21.440",
    "text": "I said Monday, if they do one more time,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:19.440",
    "end": "00:07:24.000",
    "text": "they might have one more time before the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:21.440",
    "end": "00:07:25.280",
    "text": "IMF will step in. Uh, and then I do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:24.000",
    "end": "00:07:28.880",
    "text": "think we're going to see them raise"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:25.280",
    "end": "00:07:31.919",
    "text": "interest rates. We have Worsh signed in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:28.880",
    "end": "00:07:36.160",
    "text": "or sworn in. I think uh last Friday was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:31.919",
    "end": "00:07:38.160",
    "text": "his first day. Um, I watched a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:36.160",
    "end": "00:07:39.759",
    "text": "um interview with him where he talked"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:38.160",
    "end": "00:07:42.080",
    "text": "about reducing the Fed's the Fed's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:39.759",
    "end": "00:07:43.759",
    "text": "balance sheet and uh lowering interest"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:42.080",
    "end": "00:07:45.120",
    "text": "rates, which they would have to do. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:43.759",
    "end": "00:07:46.560",
    "text": "know, I talked about the two levers on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:45.120",
    "end": "00:07:50.560",
    "text": "Monday. If you didn't see that, I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:46.560",
    "end": "00:07:52.000",
    "text": "go check it out. Um, for me, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:50.560",
    "end": "00:07:54.319",
    "text": "watching what they're doing with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:52.000",
    "end": "00:07:56.160",
    "text": "monetary policy, if you knew a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:54.319",
    "end": "00:07:57.599",
    "text": "deflationary collapse was coming, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:56.160",
    "end": "00:08:00.639",
    "text": "would frontr run it. You would print a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:07:57.599",
    "end": "00:08:02.479",
    "text": "ton of money. Uh, which is exactly what"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:00.639",
    "end": "00:08:06.960",
    "text": "they've done. They've tuned, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:02.479",
    "end": "00:08:09.280",
    "text": "tons of money into um the economy. M2"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:06.960",
    "end": "00:08:11.759",
    "text": "money supply is at an all-time high. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:09.280",
    "end": "00:08:14.000",
    "text": "debt is at an all-time high. Uh but if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:11.759",
    "end": "00:08:15.120",
    "text": "you knew that the economic growth and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:14.000",
    "end": "00:08:16.639",
    "text": "inflation that was going to happen"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:15.120",
    "end": "00:08:18.319",
    "text": "because the convergence of AI and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:16.639",
    "end": "00:08:20.560",
    "text": "blockchain was coming, you would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:18.319",
    "end": "00:08:22.639",
    "text": "probably do the same thing. So, uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:20.560",
    "end": "00:08:25.360",
    "text": "excited for this year in 2026 for the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:22.639",
    "end": "00:08:27.599",
    "text": "application of AI at scale, anthropic,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:25.360",
    "end": "00:08:28.879",
    "text": "and many other uh here's a fun"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:27.599",
    "end": "00:08:30.160",
    "text": "statistic. I don't know if you guys saw"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:28.879",
    "end": "00:08:34.399",
    "text": "this or not, but I thought it was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:30.160",
    "end": "00:08:38.560",
    "text": "interesting. Um, Sam Bankman Freed,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:34.399",
    "end": "00:08:40.880",
    "text": "you know, the infamous FTX deal, his"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:38.560",
    "end": "00:08:42.959",
    "text": "private equity that he dumped uh when"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:40.880",
    "end": "00:08:46.959",
    "text": "all that was going on would be worth"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:42.959",
    "end": "00:08:51.440",
    "text": "$151 billion today. He owned like 10% of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:46.959",
    "end": "00:08:52.800",
    "text": "Anthropic U back then. So, you know, I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:51.440",
    "end": "00:08:55.200",
    "text": "not saying that if they had left him"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:52.800",
    "end": "00:08:57.680",
    "text": "alone, everything would have been okay."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:55.200",
    "end": "00:08:59.360",
    "text": "Um but you know there's enough value"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:57.680",
    "end": "00:09:02.000",
    "text": "there that he could have definitely made"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:08:59.360",
    "end": "00:09:05.040",
    "text": "everybody whole multiple times over at"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:02.000",
    "end": "00:09:06.959",
    "text": "this point. So um and FTX was more"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:05.040",
    "end": "00:09:09.519",
    "text": "collateralized than the banks are. The"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:06.959",
    "end": "00:09:13.519",
    "text": "banks are fractional reserve lending."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:09.519",
    "end": "00:09:15.040",
    "text": "You know they hold 10 to one um you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:13.519",
    "end": "00:09:16.160",
    "text": "they're able to loan 10 to1. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:15.040",
    "end": "00:09:19.519",
    "text": "basically they have a tenth of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:16.160",
    "end": "00:09:21.839",
    "text": "reserves uh that they have out and FTX"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:19.519",
    "end": "00:09:24.320",
    "text": "actually I think it had like 30 or 40%"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:21.839",
    "end": "00:09:28.080",
    "text": "of of what they had when they went"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:24.320",
    "end": "00:09:30.959",
    "text": "under. So you know uh hopefully we don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:28.080",
    "end": "00:09:31.839",
    "text": "see another SVB or Silvergate or any of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:30.959",
    "end": "00:09:33.600",
    "text": "the things that happened with the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:31.839",
    "end": "00:09:36.320",
    "text": "regional banks because the FDI ain't got"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:33.600",
    "end": "00:09:39.440",
    "text": "it. Um they would they would not be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:36.320",
    "end": "00:09:41.440",
    "text": "to cover at this point. So, um, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:39.440",
    "end": "00:09:43.279",
    "text": "know, I'm hoping that we don't see a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:41.440",
    "end": "00:09:45.120",
    "text": "credit crisis and collapse, but with the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:43.279",
    "end": "00:09:47.360",
    "text": "reverse carry trade right here on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:45.120",
    "end": "00:09:49.760",
    "text": "horizon, uh, I think that that's a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:47.360",
    "end": "00:09:51.279",
    "text": "possibility. Again, not to scare anybody"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:49.760",
    "end": "00:09:53.440",
    "text": "or say, you know, you shouldn't keep"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:51.279",
    "end": "00:09:55.200",
    "text": "your money in a bank, uh, I think banks"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:53.440",
    "end": "00:09:56.800",
    "text": "are stable. I think that they'll be, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:55.200",
    "end": "00:09:58.880",
    "text": "know, bailed out or if there is a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:56.800",
    "end": "00:10:00.560",
    "text": "problem, there won't be an issue, maybe"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:09:58.880",
    "end": "00:10:03.440",
    "text": "they're holding enough XRP on their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:00.560",
    "end": "00:10:05.920",
    "text": "balance sheet, uh, to be okay when all"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:03.440",
    "end": "00:10:08.160",
    "text": "this plays out. Um, that's that's just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:05.920",
    "end": "00:10:10.399",
    "text": "my speculation. uh we'll see what holds"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:08.160",
    "end": "00:10:11.360",
    "text": "true over the long term. So, uh we got a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:10.399",
    "end": "00:10:12.480",
    "text": "lot of people on the live tonight."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:11.360",
    "end": "00:10:13.680",
    "text": "Again, appreciate you taking time out of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:12.480",
    "end": "00:10:15.519",
    "text": "your Wednesday to come hang out with me"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:13.680",
    "end": "00:10:16.720",
    "text": "and ask great questions. Uh we'll go"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:15.519",
    "end": "00:10:18.000",
    "text": "ahead and dive into those. I'll catch up"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:16.720",
    "end": "00:10:19.519",
    "text": "on the super chats that I missed for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:18.000",
    "end": "00:10:20.959",
    "text": "Monday. Uh and then we'll dive into the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:19.519",
    "end": "00:10:23.440",
    "text": "super chats that we have tonight over"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:20.959",
    "end": "00:10:26.000",
    "text": "here on YouTube x Facebook and on Tik"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:23.440",
    "end": "00:10:28.959",
    "text": "Tok. Uh again, appreciate y'all taking"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:26.000",
    "end": "00:10:33.360",
    "text": "the time out. Um so, the first one here"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:28.959",
    "end": "00:10:37.279",
    "text": "uh says Jake the Dane to Jake the man."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:33.360",
    "end": "00:10:40.880",
    "text": "Um this is Gthor. They say after price"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:37.279",
    "end": "00:10:43.920",
    "text": "appreciation, can I use XRP at DWP for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:40.880",
    "end": "00:10:46.880",
    "text": "your service? Uh, I'd have to sell on an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:43.920",
    "end": "00:10:48.720",
    "text": "exchange anyways. Thank you. God bless."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:46.880",
    "end": "00:10:50.880",
    "text": "Um, yeah, you know, postp price"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:48.720",
    "end": "00:10:54.240",
    "text": "appreciation, we we probably will raise"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:50.880",
    "end": "00:10:56.720",
    "text": "minimums just a little bit. Um, but if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:54.240",
    "end": "00:10:59.839",
    "text": "XRP is a,000 bucks, you need 5,000 XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:56.720",
    "end": "00:11:02.079",
    "text": "to meet a $5 million minimum."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:10:59.839",
    "end": "00:11:03.839",
    "text": "That's, you know, today we sit at 50,000"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:02.079",
    "end": "00:11:06.240",
    "text": "XRP as our minimum. That's literally an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:03.839",
    "end": "00:11:07.519",
    "text": "order of magnitude less uh in the total"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:06.240",
    "end": "00:11:08.720",
    "text": "amount of XRP that you would need in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:07.519",
    "end": "00:11:11.760",
    "text": "order to be able to work with Digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:08.720",
    "end": "00:11:13.519",
    "text": "Ascension Group. Um what"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:11.760",
    "end": "00:11:15.680",
    "text": ">> specifically they want to know if they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:13.519",
    "end": "00:11:16.560",
    "text": "could use XRP to pay for an LLC"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:15.680",
    "end": "00:11:18.880",
    "text": "interest."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:16.560",
    "end": "00:11:19.519",
    "text": ">> Oh, okay. Well, that's not what he"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:18.880",
    "end": "00:11:21.040",
    "text": "asked."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:19.519",
    "end": "00:11:23.279",
    "text": ">> That's the reason why I wrote that down"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:21.040",
    "end": "00:11:24.880",
    "text": "below. He sent a second super chat more."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:23.279",
    "end": "00:11:26.240",
    "text": "That's why I wanted you did read that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:24.880",
    "end": "00:11:28.959",
    "text": "Monday, but you wanted to follow up. And"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:26.240",
    "end": "00:11:33.440",
    "text": "by the way, the Dane is his great Dane."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:28.959",
    "end": "00:11:36.160",
    "text": ">> Oh, that's cool. A big big dog. Um, so"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:33.440",
    "end": "00:11:41.519",
    "text": "will we take XRP for payment postpric"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:36.160",
    "end": "00:11:44.959",
    "text": "appreciation? Um, as it sits today, we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:41.519",
    "end": "00:11:46.720",
    "text": "we can do that. Um, it's kind of a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:44.959",
    "end": "00:11:48.800",
    "text": "workaround if people want to pay that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:46.720",
    "end": "00:11:52.240",
    "text": "way. I'd prefer you keep your XRP."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:48.800",
    "end": "00:11:54.079",
    "text": "Personally, um, and then, you know, be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:52.240",
    "end": "00:11:56.800",
    "text": "able to generate cash flow. If if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:54.079",
    "end": "00:11:59.120",
    "text": "had to sell some, you know, we we could"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:56.800",
    "end": "00:12:01.360",
    "text": "figure that out how we could finance it."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:11:59.120",
    "end": "00:12:04.000",
    "text": "Again, I'd prefer that people don't have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:01.360",
    "end": "00:12:05.760",
    "text": "to sell their XRP and they're able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:04.000",
    "end": "00:12:08.959",
    "text": "keep as much as they can over the long"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:05.760",
    "end": "00:12:10.399",
    "text": "term. Um, because, you know, the cost of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:08.959",
    "end": "00:12:13.040",
    "text": "benefit there, right? Like if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:10.399",
    "end": "00:12:15.440",
    "text": "selling your XRP at a 100 bucks or a,000"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:13.040",
    "end": "00:12:17.519",
    "text": "bucks and it goes to 10,000 or 100,000"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:15.440",
    "end": "00:12:20.079",
    "text": "or a million dollars over the long term,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:17.519",
    "end": "00:12:22.160",
    "text": "I mean, that's that's a lot of upside"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:20.079",
    "end": "00:12:25.519",
    "text": "that you missed out on to just pay us"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:22.160",
    "end": "00:12:27.600",
    "text": "for services. So, you know, ideally it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:25.519",
    "end": "00:12:29.680",
    "text": "it's cash. Ideally, you know, you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:27.600",
    "end": "00:12:31.360",
    "text": "able to generate returns on the XRP that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:29.680",
    "end": "00:12:33.760",
    "text": "cover the cost of other services that we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:31.360",
    "end": "00:12:35.519",
    "text": "provide or, you know, if you did want to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:33.760",
    "end": "00:12:37.600",
    "text": "borrow against it, again, no tax"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:35.519",
    "end": "00:12:39.760",
    "text": "implications for that, uh, that would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:37.600",
    "end": "00:12:41.040",
    "text": "probably still be cheaper than, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:39.760",
    "end": "00:12:42.880",
    "text": "know, whatever taxes you would owe for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:41.040",
    "end": "00:12:44.240",
    "text": "the long-term capital gains, unless"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:42.880",
    "end": "00:12:46.880",
    "text": "Trump comes out and says, \"Hey, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:44.240",
    "end": "00:12:48.800",
    "text": "know, no cap gains on crypto.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:46.880",
    "end": "00:12:50.959",
    "text": "Hopefully, he I I would love that just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:48.800",
    "end": "00:12:52.320",
    "text": "as much as everybody else would. Uh but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:50.959",
    "end": "00:12:54.079",
    "text": "all that being said, you know, we'll"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:52.320",
    "end": "00:12:56.639",
    "text": "work on ways to be able to finance that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:54.079",
    "end": "00:12:59.040",
    "text": "type of stuff and make sure that because"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:56.639",
    "end": "00:13:00.880",
    "text": "again, at the end of the day, we're a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:12:59.040",
    "end": "00:13:04.079",
    "text": "fiduciary. We want to make sure that our"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:00.880",
    "end": "00:13:07.040",
    "text": "clients are getting the most bang for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:04.079",
    "end": "00:13:09.200",
    "text": "their buck, literally. Um and I think,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:07.040",
    "end": "00:13:11.760",
    "text": "you know, paying for your services in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:09.200",
    "end": "00:13:13.040",
    "text": "XRP to us, we're not going to say no if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:11.760",
    "end": "00:13:16.000",
    "text": "you're adamant that you want to do it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:13.040",
    "end": "00:13:18.079",
    "text": "that way. Uh but we would probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:16.000",
    "end": "00:13:20.720",
    "text": "provide some other avenues that would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:18.079",
    "end": "00:13:22.639",
    "text": "keep that XRP in your pocket. uh so that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:20.720",
    "end": "00:13:24.720",
    "text": "you can continue to grow that over time."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:22.639",
    "end": "00:13:27.920",
    "text": "Invest it, compound it for you and your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:24.720",
    "end": "00:13:30.160",
    "text": "family. Um but yeah, I'm sure that we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:27.920",
    "end": "00:13:35.120",
    "text": "will have an option for that if people"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:30.160",
    "end": "00:13:38.800",
    "text": "just adamantly want to do it that way."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:35.120",
    "end": "00:13:42.000",
    "text": "Um this person says, \"Does Chain Link"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:38.800",
    "end": "00:13:46.079",
    "text": "have a partnership with DTCC? Apparently"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:42.000",
    "end": "00:13:50.800",
    "text": "using some ETH tech sounds like a joke"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:46.079",
    "end": "00:13:54.880",
    "text": "have any effect?\" Uh and this is Andrew."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:50.800",
    "end": "00:13:58.800",
    "text": "So, chain link is an oracle."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:54.880",
    "end": "00:14:00.480",
    "text": "Uh, ETH is coded in Python and Solidity."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:13:58.800",
    "end": "00:14:02.399",
    "text": "Uh, it is the most prevalent coding"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:00.480",
    "end": "00:14:04.000",
    "text": "language for smart contracts. So, if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:02.399",
    "end": "00:14:05.920",
    "text": "were going to structure data or smart"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:04.000",
    "end": "00:14:08.399",
    "text": "contracts, that's why there's an EVM"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:05.920",
    "end": "00:14:12.720",
    "text": "side chain on the XRPL. Uh but chain"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:08.399",
    "end": "00:14:14.880",
    "text": "link being an oracle likely will have a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:12.720",
    "end": "00:14:17.760",
    "text": "partnership if they'd already I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:14.880",
    "end": "00:14:20.240",
    "text": "they already do with the DTCC uh along"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:17.760",
    "end": "00:14:23.920",
    "text": "with many other entities including Swift"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:20.240",
    "end": "00:14:26.880",
    "text": "uh and other you know high level systems"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:23.920",
    "end": "00:14:28.720",
    "text": "that transfer value. You need an oracle"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:26.880",
    "end": "00:14:31.680",
    "text": "an enterprise oracle like chain link in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:28.720",
    "end": "00:14:33.440",
    "text": "order to be able to move offchain"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:31.680",
    "end": "00:14:36.160",
    "text": "information onchain to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:33.440",
    "end": "00:14:39.120",
    "text": "execute smart contracts."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:36.160",
    "end": "00:14:40.399",
    "text": "So yes, they do. Um, chain link was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:39.120",
    "end": "00:14:42.959",
    "text": "actually the first thing I ever invested"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:40.399",
    "end": "00:14:45.199",
    "text": "in. It makes sense to me that you are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:42.959",
    "end": "00:14:46.720",
    "text": "absolutely going to need that oracle to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:45.199",
    "end": "00:14:50.240",
    "text": "be able to help facilitate, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:46.720",
    "end": "00:14:53.360",
    "text": "like I said, um, the execution of smart"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:50.240",
    "end": "00:14:55.760",
    "text": "contracts at scale. IOTA is another one."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:53.360",
    "end": "00:14:57.839",
    "text": "So IOTA is an oracle. It's more for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:55.760",
    "end": "00:15:00.240",
    "text": "public domain. Chainlink tends to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:14:57.839",
    "end": "00:15:03.040",
    "text": "more of a private side uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:00.240",
    "end": "00:15:04.480",
    "text": "implementation. Um, it's an enterprise"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:03.040",
    "end": "00:15:06.399",
    "text": "oracle, like I said, and they have some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:04.480",
    "end": "00:15:08.800",
    "text": "other stuff there. they have CCIP which"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:06.399",
    "end": "00:15:11.920",
    "text": "is crosschain interoperability"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:08.800",
    "end": "00:15:13.839",
    "text": "um protocol and then you know a few"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:11.920",
    "end": "00:15:16.240",
    "text": "other things."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:13.839",
    "end": "00:15:17.519",
    "text": "So you know I I like chain link. I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:16.240",
    "end": "00:15:20.000",
    "text": "it's going to be around. I think it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:17.519",
    "end": "00:15:22.320",
    "text": "going to be used. Um is it going to have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:20.000",
    "end": "00:15:25.920",
    "text": "significant price appreciation?"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:22.320",
    "end": "00:15:29.199",
    "text": "Potentially, right? Um you know I missed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:25.920",
    "end": "00:15:30.959",
    "text": "out on the high. I bought in at uh like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:29.199",
    "end": "00:15:36.000",
    "text": "$3.84"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:30.959",
    "end": "00:15:37.279",
    "text": "in 2020 2020. um and then rode it up to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:36.000",
    "end": "00:15:39.839",
    "text": "about eight bucks and let go of my"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:37.279",
    "end": "00:15:41.279",
    "text": "position. Uh which I learned a lot on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:39.839",
    "end": "00:15:42.639",
    "text": "that one. You should probably dollar"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:41.279",
    "end": "00:15:44.720",
    "text": "cost average out just like you dollar"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:42.639",
    "end": "00:15:47.440",
    "text": "cost average in if you plan to sell"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:44.720",
    "end": "00:15:49.279",
    "text": "during a a bull run because it continued"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:47.440",
    "end": "00:15:52.240",
    "text": "going higher."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:49.279",
    "end": "00:15:53.600",
    "text": "Um, but all that being said, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:52.240",
    "end": "00:15:54.720",
    "text": "uh, some of the other applications where"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:53.600",
    "end": "00:15:56.079",
    "text": "you're able to actually write these"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:54.720",
    "end": "00:15:58.480",
    "text": "investments off, and we've talked about"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:56.079",
    "end": "00:16:00.399",
    "text": "this in the past, is if you're going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:15:58.480",
    "end": "00:16:02.399",
    "text": "be using these blockchains or these"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:00.399",
    "end": "00:16:03.680",
    "text": "tokens for something in your business to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:02.399",
    "end": "00:16:07.519",
    "text": "be able to facilitate business"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:03.680",
    "end": "00:16:08.800",
    "text": "transactions or catalog information, uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:07.519",
    "end": "00:16:11.839",
    "text": "or interact with different"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:08.800",
    "end": "00:16:13.440",
    "text": "counterparties or, you know, build out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:11.839",
    "end": "00:16:15.600",
    "text": "like if you had a logistics business and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:13.440",
    "end": "00:16:17.120",
    "text": "you're buying, uh, Vchain or something"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:15.600",
    "end": "00:16:19.519",
    "text": "else that you believe will be used in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:17.120",
    "end": "00:16:21.519",
    "text": "that application. um and you're holding"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:19.519",
    "end": "00:16:23.759",
    "text": "it on your business's balance sheet for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:21.519",
    "end": "00:16:25.120",
    "text": "that reason, not for an investment. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:23.759",
    "end": "00:16:26.480",
    "text": "you know, you have to be diligent about"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:25.120",
    "end": "00:16:28.560",
    "text": "that and make sure it's done the right"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:26.480",
    "end": "00:16:31.279",
    "text": "way. If you have a payment processing"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:28.560",
    "end": "00:16:33.199",
    "text": "business and you're buying XRP and XLM"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:31.279",
    "end": "00:16:35.199",
    "text": "and you expect to be able to utilize"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:33.199",
    "end": "00:16:37.680",
    "text": "those inside your business to facilitate"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:35.199",
    "end": "00:16:39.040",
    "text": "transactions and transfers uh so that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:37.680",
    "end": "00:16:40.800",
    "text": "you don't have to borrow that from"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:39.040",
    "end": "00:16:42.800",
    "text": "somebody else, you would have to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:40.800",
    "end": "00:16:44.800",
    "text": "running a node on these networks."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:42.800",
    "end": "00:16:46.240",
    "text": "There's some additional things that you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:44.800",
    "end": "00:16:48.399",
    "text": "need to be doing in order to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:46.240",
    "end": "00:16:50.959",
    "text": "take a ride off against it. This is at"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:48.399",
    "end": "00:16:54.079",
    "text": "its core software which would fall under"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:50.959",
    "end": "00:16:56.000",
    "text": "section 179 of the tax code. So if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:54.079",
    "end": "00:16:59.040",
    "text": "have some type of business where you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:56.000",
    "end": "00:17:01.440",
    "text": "creating um onchain applications and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:16:59.040",
    "end": "00:17:03.279",
    "text": "smart contracts to be able to leverage"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:01.440",
    "end": "00:17:05.439",
    "text": "that inside your business or license"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:03.279",
    "end": "00:17:07.039",
    "text": "that to other counterparties and you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:05.439",
    "end": "00:17:08.880",
    "text": "need an oracle and you wanted to buy"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:07.039",
    "end": "00:17:10.319",
    "text": "some chain link, there's a potential"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:08.880",
    "end": "00:17:12.319",
    "text": "that you could be able to write that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:10.319",
    "end": "00:17:14.400",
    "text": "off. Um again, you want to work with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:12.319",
    "end": "00:17:15.760",
    "text": "your CPA. I can't give you tax advice. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:14.400",
    "end": "00:17:17.919",
    "text": "can't give you legal advice. you need to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:15.760",
    "end": "00:17:20.079",
    "text": "speak with an attorney or CPA before"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:17.919",
    "end": "00:17:22.480",
    "text": "making any tax or legal decisions. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:20.079",
    "end": "00:17:24.400",
    "text": "but we have worked with counterparties"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:22.480",
    "end": "00:17:26.640",
    "text": "um that have those designations and some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:24.400",
    "end": "00:17:29.840",
    "text": "clients to be able to effectuate what I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:26.640",
    "end": "00:17:32.080",
    "text": "just discussed. So, um, yeah, but back"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:29.840",
    "end": "00:17:35.600",
    "text": "to the DTCC, I do think that chain link"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:32.080",
    "end": "00:17:38.960",
    "text": "will be used in the smart contracts as"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:35.600",
    "end": "00:17:40.559",
    "text": "an oracle with that counterparty."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:38.960",
    "end": "00:17:42.000",
    "text": "All right, we'll go ahead and jump into"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:40.559",
    "end": "00:17:44.320",
    "text": "some more of these super chats here. We"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:42.000",
    "end": "00:17:46.559",
    "text": "got Silverado, man. I love the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:44.320",
    "end": "00:17:48.720",
    "text": "Silverado, dude. Uh, he says, \"Thoughts"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:46.559",
    "end": "00:17:51.840",
    "text": "on executive order from Trump today?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:48.720",
    "end": "00:17:55.160",
    "text": "So, that was actually yesterday."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:51.840",
    "end": "00:17:55.160",
    "text": "Excuse me."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:55.600",
    "end": "00:18:02.080",
    "text": "Oh, that was yesterday that he signed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:17:58.320",
    "end": "00:18:05.600",
    "text": "that executive order. Um, so what that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:02.080",
    "end": "00:18:07.360",
    "text": "does is it effectively passes the PACE"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:05.600",
    "end": "00:18:10.000",
    "text": "Act without passing the PACE Act through"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:07.360",
    "end": "00:18:11.280",
    "text": "Congress."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:10.000",
    "end": "00:18:14.480",
    "text": "It could be overturned by the next"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:11.280",
    "end": "00:18:17.679",
    "text": "administration. Um, but it allows"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:14.480",
    "end": "00:18:19.039",
    "text": "FinTechs and other NEO banks to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:17.679",
    "end": "00:18:21.440",
    "text": "to get a Fed Master account and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:19.039",
    "end": "00:18:23.200",
    "text": "facilitate payments uh on those same"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:21.440",
    "end": "00:18:26.000",
    "text": "rails, the AC and wire rails here"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:23.200",
    "end": "00:18:27.039",
    "text": "domestically in the US. That's a big"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:26.000",
    "end": "00:18:32.720",
    "text": "deal."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:27.039",
    "end": "00:18:35.280",
    "text": "uh Google, Amazon, uh Meta, um X, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:32.720",
    "end": "00:18:38.000",
    "text": "know, all of these um social media"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:35.280",
    "end": "00:18:40.000",
    "text": "platforms that have payment transmitter"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:38.000",
    "end": "00:18:42.559",
    "text": "licenses, uh but didn't have a Fed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:40.000",
    "end": "00:18:45.520",
    "text": "master account or Fed window. Uh now,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:42.559",
    "end": "00:18:47.840",
    "text": "they should be able to get those. Um we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:45.520",
    "end": "00:18:50.160",
    "text": "have seen, you know, a few of those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:47.840",
    "end": "00:18:53.039",
    "text": "issued. Uh Ripple has applied for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:50.160",
    "end": "00:18:55.440",
    "text": "theirs. They're a bank so and they have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:53.039",
    "end": "00:18:57.200",
    "text": "their charter at this point. So I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:55.440",
    "end": "00:19:00.720",
    "text": "know why they've kind of been delayed on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:18:57.200",
    "end": "00:19:01.919",
    "text": "that. Uh the longest delay that we saw"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:00.720",
    "end": "00:19:05.679",
    "text": "because I looked this up the other day"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:01.919",
    "end": "00:19:07.840",
    "text": "after it was passed. Um for a Fed Master"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:05.679",
    "end": "00:19:10.000",
    "text": "account, the longest time it took was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:07.840",
    "end": "00:19:12.640",
    "text": "like six years for one to actually get"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:10.000",
    "end": "00:19:14.400",
    "text": "through. Um the least amount of time"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:12.640",
    "end": "00:19:16.000",
    "text": "that I was able to find was somewhere"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:14.400",
    "end": "00:19:18.480",
    "text": "around three months, but that was for a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:16.000",
    "end": "00:19:22.400",
    "text": "bank. It was not for, you know, somebody"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:18.480",
    "end": "00:19:23.760",
    "text": "that was in crypto. So, I believe Ripple"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:22.400",
    "end": "00:19:26.640",
    "text": "applied for their master account last"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:23.760",
    "end": "00:19:28.160",
    "text": "November. That was seven months ago. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:26.640",
    "end": "00:19:30.240",
    "text": "we're in the range at this point where"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:28.160",
    "end": "00:19:31.600",
    "text": "they should be receiving that in the not"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:30.240",
    "end": "00:19:33.440",
    "text": "too distant future. I wouldn't expect"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:31.600",
    "end": "00:19:35.760",
    "text": "that it would take a full year for them"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:33.440",
    "end": "00:19:38.080",
    "text": "to be granted that Fed Master account."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:35.760",
    "end": "00:19:40.480",
    "text": "Uh but with them, you know, Trump"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:38.080",
    "end": "00:19:42.000",
    "text": "passing this executive order, uh it also"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:40.480",
    "end": "00:19:45.120",
    "text": "brings in a bunch of other competition"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:42.000",
    "end": "00:19:47.440",
    "text": "for payments uh across the board when it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:45.120",
    "end": "00:19:49.760",
    "text": "comes to these fintexs and other social"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:47.440",
    "end": "00:19:52.880",
    "text": "media platforms to be able to get access"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:49.760",
    "end": "00:19:56.080",
    "text": "to a Fed window and facilitate payments."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:52.880",
    "end": "00:19:57.440",
    "text": "So, I I think it's a good thing. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:56.080",
    "end": "00:19:58.559",
    "text": "know, I think it brings competition to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:57.440",
    "end": "00:20:00.880",
    "text": "the market. I think that there's going"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:19:58.559",
    "end": "00:20:03.200",
    "text": "to be more people willing to pay you um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:00.880",
    "end": "00:20:05.039",
    "text": "returns on your deposits. Uh, and the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:03.200",
    "end": "00:20:06.480",
    "text": "banks will be forced to, you know, do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:05.039",
    "end": "00:20:09.039",
    "text": "the same in order to be able to compete,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:06.480",
    "end": "00:20:13.280",
    "text": "which is great for the consumer."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:09.039",
    "end": "00:20:15.760",
    "text": "John McNab, my dude, he says, \"What's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:13.280",
    "end": "00:20:18.559",
    "text": "the actual on-ramp look like for normal"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:15.760",
    "end": "00:20:22.480",
    "text": "business that wants to accept XRP but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:18.559",
    "end": "00:20:28.320",
    "text": "still needs dollars in the bank?\" Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:22.480",
    "end": "00:20:29.440",
    "text": "what's the is it Bybit? No. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:28.320",
    "end": "00:20:32.320",
    "text": "there's a couple different payment"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:29.440",
    "end": "00:20:35.760",
    "text": "processors, including World Pay, that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:32.320",
    "end": "00:20:37.280",
    "text": "can facilitate crypto payments. So, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:35.760",
    "end": "00:20:39.280",
    "text": "can decide what you want on the other"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:37.280",
    "end": "00:20:40.880",
    "text": "side of those transactions. Uh, you can"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:39.280",
    "end": "00:20:42.720",
    "text": "even break it down into a percentage,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:40.880",
    "end": "00:20:45.760",
    "text": "like I want to receive 50% of this"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:42.720",
    "end": "00:20:49.520",
    "text": "proceeds, uh, from my, you know, client"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:45.760",
    "end": "00:20:51.200",
    "text": "or, um, person that's paying me uh, in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:49.520",
    "end": "00:20:53.200",
    "text": "dollars and the other 50% I want it to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:51.200",
    "end": "00:20:55.440",
    "text": "go into this crypto. when they charge 1%"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:53.200",
    "end": "00:20:57.520",
    "text": "most of them do on those transactions uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:55.440",
    "end": "00:20:59.840",
    "text": "and they will convert it. So if you you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:57.520",
    "end": "00:21:02.480",
    "text": "know somebody pays you in bitcoin and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:20:59.840",
    "end": "00:21:04.799",
    "text": "you wanted to receive XRP uh they would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:02.480",
    "end": "00:21:07.039",
    "text": "facilitate that transaction for you and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:04.799",
    "end": "00:21:09.200",
    "text": "swap it uh and then deposit that to your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:07.039",
    "end": "00:21:11.360",
    "text": "wallet. Uh you are going to have to list"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:09.200",
    "end": "00:21:14.000",
    "text": "a wallet with them. Ideally that's in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:11.360",
    "end": "00:21:15.919",
    "text": "like a Fireblocks instance at a minimum."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:14.000",
    "end": "00:21:18.159",
    "text": "Um you know you could hold it with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:15.919",
    "end": "00:21:20.320",
    "text": "Uphold next to your bank account there."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:18.159",
    "end": "00:21:22.080",
    "text": "Uh we can do that inside of the app the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:20.320",
    "end": "00:21:23.840",
    "text": "DAG app. So, if you want to go to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:22.080",
    "end": "00:21:25.840",
    "text": "appap.digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:23.840",
    "end": "00:21:27.600",
    "text": "ascensiongroup.com"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:25.840",
    "end": "00:21:30.799",
    "text": "um and download that and upload your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:27.600",
    "end": "00:21:32.720",
    "text": "LLC, uh we don't have that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:30.799",
    "end": "00:21:35.120",
    "text": "infrastructure built in yet for payments"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:32.720",
    "end": "00:21:37.360",
    "text": "to be able to, you know, to be paid, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:35.120",
    "end": "00:21:40.000",
    "text": "you could list those wallet addresses."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:37.360",
    "end": "00:21:41.840",
    "text": "Um you can also use unstoppable domains."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:40.000",
    "end": "00:21:44.480",
    "text": "I helped a few business owners way back"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:41.840",
    "end": "00:21:47.440",
    "text": "in 2020 set that up. uh you can use an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:44.480",
    "end": "00:21:49.760",
    "text": "unstoppable domain and register it and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:47.440",
    "end": "00:21:52.159",
    "text": "then uh attach whatever wallets you want"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:49.760",
    "end": "00:21:53.679",
    "text": "those payments to go to and people can"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:52.159",
    "end": "00:21:55.679",
    "text": "make a payment to that unstoppable"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:53.679",
    "end": "00:21:58.080",
    "text": "domain and it will flow through to that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:55.679",
    "end": "00:22:00.640",
    "text": "wallet that you have listed uh to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:21:58.080",
    "end": "00:22:03.200",
    "text": "able to accept those payments. So, uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:00.640",
    "end": "00:22:04.799",
    "text": "it's one unified, you know, you don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:03.200",
    "end": "00:22:06.320",
    "text": "have to have the wallet address or any"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:04.799",
    "end": "00:22:07.919",
    "text": "of that. Uh they send it to your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:06.320",
    "end": "00:22:10.799",
    "text": "unstoppable domain and then it would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:07.919",
    "end": "00:22:12.960",
    "text": "route it to uh whichever, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:10.799",
    "end": "00:22:15.440",
    "text": "crypto wallet you were accepting. So, if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:12.960",
    "end": "00:22:18.880",
    "text": "you wanted Bitcoin, Doge, uh I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:15.440",
    "end": "00:22:20.320",
    "text": "it'll do Litecoin, XRP, XLM, they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:18.880",
    "end": "00:22:22.159",
    "text": "probably have a larger breath now than"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:20.320",
    "end": "00:22:24.799",
    "text": "they used to. Those were just the ones"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:22.159",
    "end": "00:22:27.280",
    "text": "at the time. Obviously, Tether and USDC"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:24.799",
    "end": "00:22:28.720",
    "text": "uh were there as well. So, uh that's one"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:27.280",
    "end": "00:22:30.880",
    "text": "way that you could do it if you did want"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:28.720",
    "end": "00:22:32.320",
    "text": "to accept crypto. The the problem that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:30.880",
    "end": "00:22:34.240",
    "text": "you're going to run into there is just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:32.320",
    "end": "00:22:36.080",
    "text": "the accounting side of it. So, you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:34.240",
    "end": "00:22:38.080",
    "text": "going to have to give your CPA or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:36.080",
    "end": "00:22:39.520",
    "text": "accounting team access to that wallet to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:38.080",
    "end": "00:22:41.919",
    "text": "be able to review the payments and then"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:39.520",
    "end": "00:22:45.440",
    "text": "reconcile those with your books."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:41.919",
    "end": "00:22:47.280",
    "text": "um they are, you know, it's taxable"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:45.440",
    "end": "00:22:48.559",
    "text": "income just like it would be for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:47.280",
    "end": "00:22:52.480",
    "text": "anything else. So, you're going to need"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:48.559",
    "end": "00:22:53.280",
    "text": "to withhold taxes. Um so, there's, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:52.480",
    "end": "00:22:54.720",
    "text": "know, there's some additional"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:53.280",
    "end": "00:22:57.200",
    "text": "complications if you don't use a payment"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:54.720",
    "end": "00:22:59.200",
    "text": "processor that'll process crypto for you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:57.200",
    "end": "00:23:02.000",
    "text": "and, you know, then send it to your your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:22:59.200",
    "end": "00:23:04.640",
    "text": "wallet. Um it also doesn't work great"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:02.000",
    "end": "00:23:06.480",
    "text": "with Woo Commerce or whatever um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:04.640",
    "end": "00:23:08.559",
    "text": "e-commerce platform you're leveraging in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:06.480",
    "end": "00:23:12.400",
    "text": "order to facilitate payments uh through"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:08.559",
    "end": "00:23:14.880",
    "text": "an online avenue. Um, if it's in store,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:12.400",
    "end": "00:23:17.200",
    "text": "you could probably have somebody scan a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:14.880",
    "end": "00:23:19.919",
    "text": "QR code uh that had your your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:17.200",
    "end": "00:23:21.280",
    "text": "Unstoppable Domain listed as it or just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:19.919",
    "end": "00:23:23.200",
    "text": "have them send it to your Unstoppable"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:21.280",
    "end": "00:23:25.280",
    "text": "Domain. That it's just one, it's the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:23.200",
    "end": "00:23:26.880",
    "text": "same thing over and over again. Uh, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:25.280",
    "end": "00:23:28.159",
    "text": "again, in order to reconcile that, make"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:26.880",
    "end": "00:23:29.840",
    "text": "sure your accounting is correct, you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:28.159",
    "end": "00:23:32.720",
    "text": "going to have to give access to your CPA"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:29.840",
    "end": "00:23:34.000",
    "text": "or your account. So, those are the, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:32.720",
    "end": "00:23:35.440",
    "text": "know, if you want to just take it direct"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:34.000",
    "end": "00:23:37.919",
    "text": "through the Unstoppable Domain, you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:35.440",
    "end": "00:23:40.880",
    "text": "not going to deal with that 1% fee. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:37.919",
    "end": "00:23:42.480",
    "text": "but you know what's going to happen for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:40.880",
    "end": "00:23:43.280",
    "text": "sales tax and everything else out of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:42.480",
    "end": "00:23:45.120",
    "text": "that you're going to have to take care"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:43.280",
    "end": "00:23:47.120",
    "text": "of yourself. Uh, if you want to use one"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:45.120",
    "end": "00:23:48.960",
    "text": "of the payment processors that World Pay"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:47.120",
    "end": "00:23:50.240",
    "text": "kind of backs, uh, there's a couple"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:48.960",
    "end": "00:23:53.520",
    "text": "different ones out there or you can use"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:50.240",
    "end": "00:23:55.840",
    "text": "World Pay directly. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:53.520",
    "end": "00:23:58.240",
    "text": "they would be able to facilitate those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:55.840",
    "end": "00:24:00.240",
    "text": "and um, you know, again, for that small"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:23:58.240",
    "end": "00:24:01.840",
    "text": "fee of 1%,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:00.240",
    "end": "00:24:02.960",
    "text": "make sure that all the taxes were taken"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:01.840",
    "end": "00:24:04.240",
    "text": "out and it's reconciled with your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:02.960",
    "end": "00:24:07.559",
    "text": "regular books through QuickBooks or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:04.240",
    "end": "00:24:07.559",
    "text": "another application."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:08.320",
    "end": "00:24:12.080",
    "text": "Mr. Shepard, he says, \"Uh, I'm new to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:10.640",
    "end": "00:24:14.400",
    "text": "XRP over the last two months and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:12.080",
    "end": "00:24:16.960",
    "text": "currently have around 4,300 on an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:14.400",
    "end": "00:24:19.120",
    "text": "exchange, Coinbase, uh, while trying to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:16.960",
    "end": "00:24:21.840",
    "text": "accumulate more as budget allows. What's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:19.120",
    "end": "00:24:24.840",
    "text": "next step do I need to take to secure my"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:21.840",
    "end": "00:24:24.840",
    "text": "XRP?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:26.960",
    "end": "00:24:31.279",
    "text": "For that amount, you would probably want"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:29.039",
    "end": "00:24:33.840",
    "text": "to look at a cold wallet."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:31.279",
    "end": "00:24:35.760",
    "text": "Um, I don't think that Coinbase is going"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:33.840",
    "end": "00:24:38.880",
    "text": "anywhere. They're a publicly traded"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:35.760",
    "end": "00:24:41.279",
    "text": "company. They have, however, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:38.880",
    "end": "00:24:43.600",
    "text": "gone down. Um, when there's market"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:41.279",
    "end": "00:24:45.520",
    "text": "volatility, you can't access it a lot of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:43.600",
    "end": "00:24:46.640",
    "text": "the time. They just get overwhelmed with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:45.520",
    "end": "00:24:48.400",
    "text": "the amount of people on their website,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:46.640",
    "end": "00:24:50.000",
    "text": "or at least that's what they say. And,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:48.400",
    "end": "00:24:51.679",
    "text": "you know, they don't allow trading when"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:50.000",
    "end": "00:24:53.600",
    "text": "that happens. So, if you do anticipate"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:51.679",
    "end": "00:24:55.600",
    "text": "selling some as the market's running"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:53.600",
    "end": "00:24:56.880",
    "text": "higher, uh, you probably, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:55.600",
    "end": "00:25:00.720",
    "text": "there's a good chance you won't be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:24:56.880",
    "end": "00:25:02.080",
    "text": "to access it on that platform. Um, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:00.720",
    "end": "00:25:03.440",
    "text": "same thing with a cold wallet. But like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:02.080",
    "end": "00:25:04.880",
    "text": "if you're holding on a cold wallet and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:03.440",
    "end": "00:25:07.120",
    "text": "you want to send it back to an exchange"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:04.880",
    "end": "00:25:09.360",
    "text": "to be able to sell some, you're not"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:07.120",
    "end": "00:25:10.960",
    "text": "going to be able to do that. Um, but you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:09.360",
    "end": "00:25:12.000",
    "text": "do have optionality if it's on a cold"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:10.960",
    "end": "00:25:14.000",
    "text": "wallet, you can figure out which"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:12.000",
    "end": "00:25:16.240",
    "text": "exchanges haven't gone down or have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:14.000",
    "end": "00:25:17.520",
    "text": "aren't having issues. Uh, and as long as"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:16.240",
    "end": "00:25:19.520",
    "text": "you have accounts already set up at"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:17.520",
    "end": "00:25:21.120",
    "text": "those, then you could move it back there"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:19.520",
    "end": "00:25:23.520",
    "text": "or to one of those to be able to execute"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:21.120",
    "end": "00:25:25.520",
    "text": "that trade."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:23.520",
    "end": "00:25:27.200",
    "text": "Um, it depends on how much"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:25.520",
    "end": "00:25:28.559",
    "text": "responsibility you want is really what"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:27.200",
    "end": "00:25:30.640",
    "text": "it comes down to. So, if you are going"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:28.559",
    "end": "00:25:32.640",
    "text": "to hold it on a cold wallet, that comes"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:30.640",
    "end": "00:25:35.120",
    "text": "with some additional"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:32.640",
    "end": "00:25:36.640",
    "text": "liability. Um, not that you have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:35.120",
    "end": "00:25:38.640",
    "text": "insurance and not that your assets are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:36.640",
    "end": "00:25:40.159",
    "text": "segregated. They're on Coinbase. They"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:38.640",
    "end": "00:25:42.400",
    "text": "are owned by Coinbase. You are a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:40.159",
    "end": "00:25:45.120",
    "text": "creditor of Coinbase if you are holding"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:42.400",
    "end": "00:25:46.960",
    "text": "your assets with them. Um, on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:45.120",
    "end": "00:25:48.480",
    "text": "institutional side, I think they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:46.960",
    "end": "00:25:50.159",
    "text": "trying to figure something out over"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:48.480",
    "end": "00:25:52.400",
    "text": "there where it's a little bit different."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:50.159",
    "end": "00:25:54.880",
    "text": "Um, for us, we set up, you know, for the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:52.400",
    "end": "00:25:56.880",
    "text": "benefit of or FBO accounts. uh at"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:54.880",
    "end": "00:26:00.480",
    "text": "Anchorage uh the minimum for us though"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:25:56.880",
    "end": "00:26:01.919",
    "text": "is 50,000 XRP. So, you know, not saying"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:00.480",
    "end": "00:26:03.520",
    "text": "you have little bag or it's not enough"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:01.919",
    "end": "00:26:05.840",
    "text": "for us to deal with or any of those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:03.520",
    "end": "00:26:07.360",
    "text": "things. Uh just at this time, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:05.840",
    "end": "00:26:10.080",
    "text": "we don't accept clients that that have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:07.360",
    "end": "00:26:12.080",
    "text": "less than that amount. Um so, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:10.080",
    "end": "00:26:15.200",
    "text": "your your choices are kind of limited."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:12.080",
    "end": "00:26:16.400",
    "text": "Uh it's either uh Fireblocks instance,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:15.200",
    "end": "00:26:19.600",
    "text": "you know, if you wanted to go figure"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:16.400",
    "end": "00:26:21.760",
    "text": "that out with somebody else, um or use,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:19.600",
    "end": "00:26:23.200",
    "text": "you know, leave it there on Coinbase. uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:21.760",
    "end": "00:26:25.279",
    "text": "if you're okay with that, if you don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:23.200",
    "end": "00:26:26.880",
    "text": "think they're going anywhere um and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:25.279",
    "end": "00:26:29.200",
    "text": "you're not needing to access it if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:26.880",
    "end": "00:26:31.200",
    "text": "there's market volatility. Uh but if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:29.200",
    "end": "00:26:33.200",
    "text": "do want to take on the responsibility of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:31.200",
    "end": "00:26:36.559",
    "text": "holding it directly, then you know I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:33.200",
    "end": "00:26:38.080",
    "text": "recommend Decent or Zamin or Tangum."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:36.559",
    "end": "00:26:41.039",
    "text": "There's a bunch of good cold wallets out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:38.080",
    "end": "00:26:43.039",
    "text": "there. Ellipal, Arculus, uh both of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:41.039",
    "end": "00:26:44.720",
    "text": "those are airgapped. Uh do some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:43.039",
    "end": "00:26:46.240",
    "text": "research. uh make sure that you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:44.720",
    "end": "00:26:49.679",
    "text": "buying that cold wallet directly from"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:46.240",
    "end": "00:26:51.679",
    "text": "the site and not off Amazon or eBay or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:49.679",
    "end": "00:26:53.840",
    "text": "any other things like skirting a little"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:51.679",
    "end": "00:26:55.360",
    "text": "bit to save a little bit of money is not"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:53.840",
    "end": "00:26:56.880",
    "text": "worth it on this. You should always buy"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:55.360",
    "end": "00:26:58.159",
    "text": "direct from the manufacturer because you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:56.880",
    "end": "00:27:00.720",
    "text": "don't know who's tampered with that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:26:58.159",
    "end": "00:27:02.400",
    "text": "wallet. Uh if they have access to your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:00.720",
    "end": "00:27:03.919",
    "text": "keys, if they're trying to sell it to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:02.400",
    "end": "00:27:06.480",
    "text": "you so you can put your crypto on there"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:03.919",
    "end": "00:27:08.159",
    "text": "and they steal it from you. Um that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:06.480",
    "end": "00:27:09.760",
    "text": "why I like Decent. You know, we're an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:08.159",
    "end": "00:27:12.080",
    "text": "affiliate for them. Full transparency."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:09.760",
    "end": "00:27:15.279",
    "text": "you get like five bucks uh if you use"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:12.080",
    "end": "00:27:17.039",
    "text": "our link uh on YouTube or in you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:15.279",
    "end": "00:27:20.240",
    "text": "link tree or any of the other social"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:17.039",
    "end": "00:27:22.480",
    "text": "media platforms. Um I prefer them. They"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:20.240",
    "end": "00:27:24.799",
    "text": "have a really nice UI. It's easy to use."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:22.480",
    "end": "00:27:26.480",
    "text": "They have a biometric thumbrint. Uh you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:24.799",
    "end": "00:27:28.080",
    "text": "can add an additional key so that your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:26.480",
    "end": "00:27:30.640",
    "text": "spouse can get to it if god forbid"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:28.080",
    "end": "00:27:32.320",
    "text": "something were to happen to you. Um you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:30.640",
    "end": "00:27:35.279",
    "text": "know have a large breadth of assets to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:32.320",
    "end": "00:27:36.960",
    "text": "be able to hold on that device. So you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:35.279",
    "end": "00:27:39.360",
    "text": "know that's kind of my go-to for a cold"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:36.960",
    "end": "00:27:42.240",
    "text": "wallet. Uh, aside from Zamin, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:39.360",
    "end": "00:27:44.880",
    "text": "Zamin's specific for XRP. You can"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:42.240",
    "end": "00:27:46.240",
    "text": "download the app on your phone. Um, when"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:44.880",
    "end": "00:27:48.159",
    "text": "you're setting this up, you want to make"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:46.240",
    "end": "00:27:51.120",
    "text": "sure that you're writing down the seed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:48.159",
    "end": "00:27:52.960",
    "text": "phrase. Um, for whatever wallet you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:51.120",
    "end": "00:27:55.520",
    "text": "using on a piece of paper, you probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:52.960",
    "end": "00:27:57.120",
    "text": "want to make three or four copies of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:55.520",
    "end": "00:27:59.039",
    "text": "that. You want to hold those in some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:57.120",
    "end": "00:28:02.080",
    "text": "different locations just in case a house"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:27:59.039",
    "end": "00:28:03.840",
    "text": "burns down or something happens. Uh, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:02.080",
    "end": "00:28:07.039",
    "text": "want to be able to recover those if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:03.840",
    "end": "00:28:11.039",
    "text": "need to. um you know, bury it in your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:07.039",
    "end": "00:28:12.399",
    "text": "yard in a can, something like that. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:11.039",
    "end": "00:28:14.640",
    "text": "there's just different things that you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:12.399",
    "end": "00:28:16.880",
    "text": "can do in order to make sure you have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:14.640",
    "end": "00:28:19.200",
    "text": "some backups if you know, god forbid,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:16.880",
    "end": "00:28:21.440",
    "text": "you're in a situation like they were uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:19.200",
    "end": "00:28:22.799",
    "text": "in California with the wildfires. There"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:21.440",
    "end": "00:28:25.600",
    "text": "was a ton of people that lost seed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:22.799",
    "end": "00:28:27.840",
    "text": "phrases, even on metal plates. It was so"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:25.600",
    "end": "00:28:29.840",
    "text": "hot that those burnt. They weren't able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:27.840",
    "end": "00:28:32.559",
    "text": "to recover those after. So, if you were"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:29.840",
    "end": "00:28:34.320",
    "text": "to lose your phone or the or the drive"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:32.559",
    "end": "00:28:36.159",
    "text": "that you had it on, you know, whatever"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:34.320",
    "end": "00:28:38.240",
    "text": "storage device it was and the seed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:36.159",
    "end": "00:28:39.919",
    "text": "phrase, it's gone for forever. There's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:38.240",
    "end": "00:28:42.080",
    "text": "no insurance. There's no recourse. It's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:39.919",
    "end": "00:28:43.840",
    "text": "not like you can get it back. So, just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:42.080",
    "end": "00:28:45.679",
    "text": "be prepared for that additional"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:43.840",
    "end": "00:28:48.080",
    "text": "responsibility if you do make those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:45.679",
    "end": "00:28:49.440",
    "text": "choices. A lot of people I know hold"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:48.080",
    "end": "00:28:50.880",
    "text": "their assets in a couple different"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:49.440",
    "end": "00:28:52.399",
    "text": "places just to be able to kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:50.880",
    "end": "00:28:54.000",
    "text": "navigate that risk and have some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:52.399",
    "end": "00:28:57.440",
    "text": "diversification across different"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:54.000",
    "end": "00:29:00.080",
    "text": "custodians uh and a cold wallet. Many of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:28:57.440",
    "end": "00:29:01.679",
    "text": "our clients do that. they don't hold all"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:00.080",
    "end": "00:29:05.279",
    "text": "of their XRP or their other digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:01.679",
    "end": "00:29:06.880",
    "text": "assets with Digital Wealth Partners. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:05.279",
    "end": "00:29:08.320",
    "text": "um I don't know if that's helpful for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:06.880",
    "end": "00:29:10.960",
    "text": "you. I try to explain that pretty"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:08.320",
    "end": "00:29:12.559",
    "text": "thoroughly, but um again, appreciate the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:10.960",
    "end": "00:29:15.279",
    "text": "super chat. And for all those that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:12.559",
    "end": "00:29:17.279",
    "text": "new, uh definitely, you know, watch some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:15.279",
    "end": "00:29:19.679",
    "text": "videos on the best way to set up your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:17.279",
    "end": "00:29:21.520",
    "text": "cold wallet. Again, you probably like if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:19.679",
    "end": "00:29:24.240",
    "text": "you want to get real safe about it, set"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:21.520",
    "end": "00:29:26.399",
    "text": "up a completely separate email, only use"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:24.240",
    "end": "00:29:29.279",
    "text": "one device and that's all you use it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:26.399",
    "end": "00:29:30.960",
    "text": "for. Go buy a laptop specific 200 bucks"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:29.279",
    "end": "00:29:33.360",
    "text": "or something that you log in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:30.960",
    "end": "00:29:36.399",
    "text": "internet on um and you turn off when"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:33.360",
    "end": "00:29:39.360",
    "text": "you're not using it. Uh you can be very"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:36.399",
    "end": "00:29:41.279",
    "text": "like secure"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:39.360",
    "end": "00:29:42.799",
    "text": "uh and probably right if if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:41.279",
    "end": "00:29:44.880",
    "text": "managing a lot of money, it's a great"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:42.799",
    "end": "00:29:46.159",
    "text": "way to do it. uh or again you can just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:44.880",
    "end": "00:29:47.600",
    "text": "work with digital ascension group and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:46.159",
    "end": "00:29:49.679",
    "text": "digital wealth partners hold it at"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:47.600",
    "end": "00:29:52.240",
    "text": "Anchorage uh and know that it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:49.679",
    "end": "00:29:54.399",
    "text": "segregated bankruptcy remote insured up"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:52.240",
    "end": "00:29:57.039",
    "text": "to $100 million uh you have a counter"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:54.399",
    "end": "00:29:58.480",
    "text": "signer on the account and an advisor um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:57.039",
    "end": "00:29:59.840",
    "text": "just like you would a Schwab account or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:58.480",
    "end": "00:30:01.919",
    "text": "something else to make sure that your"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:29:59.840",
    "end": "00:30:03.919",
    "text": "stuff has continuity your beneficiaries"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:01.919",
    "end": "00:30:06.399",
    "text": "are on the account spouse is on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:03.919",
    "end": "00:30:07.600",
    "text": "account it's easier to report on you can"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:06.399",
    "end": "00:30:09.679",
    "text": "show it on your balance sheet if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:07.600",
    "end": "00:30:11.679",
    "text": "buying a home but there's a ton of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:09.679",
    "end": "00:30:14.960",
    "text": "benefits to working with us uh if you do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:11.679",
    "end": "00:30:16.240",
    "text": "have the capital to do So uh but that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:14.960",
    "end": "00:30:18.559",
    "text": "would be my recommendation for the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:16.240",
    "end": "00:30:21.840",
    "text": "amount that you have."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:18.559",
    "end": "00:30:24.320",
    "text": "Papa good to see you sir. He says Jake"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:21.840",
    "end": "00:30:27.200",
    "text": "hope all is well. Question is there"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:24.320",
    "end": "00:30:30.000",
    "text": "enough institutional participants in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:27.200",
    "end": "00:30:32.240",
    "text": "XRPL for mass liquidity needed to push"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:30.000",
    "end": "00:30:35.240",
    "text": "the numbers up."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:32.240",
    "end": "00:30:35.240",
    "text": "Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:35.360",
    "end": "00:30:38.559",
    "text": "so I I don't think that's how this is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:37.200",
    "end": "00:30:40.080",
    "text": "going to work. I've kind of stated that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:38.559",
    "end": "00:30:41.279",
    "text": "before. I don't think the volume on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:40.080",
    "end": "00:30:42.720",
    "text": "network is actually what's going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:41.279",
    "end": "00:30:44.080",
    "text": "drive the price."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:42.720",
    "end": "00:30:47.840",
    "text": "I I think that they're going to need a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:44.080",
    "end": "00:30:49.520",
    "text": "supply shock on the market"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:47.840",
    "end": "00:30:51.760",
    "text": "um on the exchanges in order to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:49.520",
    "end": "00:30:53.440",
    "text": "to drive enough liquidity into the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:51.760",
    "end": "00:30:56.159",
    "text": "asset. And then once there's enough"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:53.440",
    "end": "00:30:58.159",
    "text": "liquidity in it, um institutions will"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:56.159",
    "end": "00:31:00.240",
    "text": "step in and start using it at scale to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:30:58.159",
    "end": "00:31:02.080",
    "text": "be able to settle transactions. Until"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:00.240",
    "end": "00:31:04.240",
    "text": "there's enough liquidity in it, I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:02.080",
    "end": "00:31:05.840",
    "text": "believe that there's a way that they can"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:04.240",
    "end": "00:31:08.480",
    "text": "actually facilitate that at scale"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:05.840",
    "end": "00:31:10.720",
    "text": "because there's not enough um liquidity"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:08.480",
    "end": "00:31:12.399",
    "text": "for those transactions. And so they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:10.720",
    "end": "00:31:14.080",
    "text": "they're waiting on, you know, some price"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:12.399",
    "end": "00:31:16.480",
    "text": "appreciation just like we are in order"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:14.080",
    "end": "00:31:18.000",
    "text": "to start using it. But once it's there,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:16.480",
    "end": "00:31:19.520",
    "text": "the volume that they're moving over the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:18.000",
    "end": "00:31:22.480",
    "text": "network will hold it at a high stable"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:19.520",
    "end": "00:31:23.840",
    "text": "price. And um at that point, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:22.480",
    "end": "00:31:26.080",
    "text": "there are a lot of people sitting in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:23.840",
    "end": "00:31:27.760",
    "text": "wings that are already integrated. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:26.080",
    "end": "00:31:29.279",
    "text": "all they got to do is literally flip a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:27.760",
    "end": "00:31:32.000",
    "text": "switch. There's thousands of them"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:29.279",
    "end": "00:31:33.679",
    "text": "according to Brad Garlinghouse. And um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:32.000",
    "end": "00:31:35.360",
    "text": "you know as those get turned on and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:33.679",
    "end": "00:31:37.360",
    "text": "people start settling through XRP with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:35.360",
    "end": "00:31:40.080",
    "text": "different counterparties or for whatever"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:37.360",
    "end": "00:31:42.480",
    "text": "marketplace they're running um that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:40.080",
    "end": "00:31:45.919",
    "text": "when we'll see you know a high stable"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:42.480",
    "end": "00:31:49.039",
    "text": "value uh for XRP. But again I think we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:45.919",
    "end": "00:31:50.880",
    "text": "need Black Rockck the ETF there and some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:49.039",
    "end": "00:31:52.799",
    "text": "other you know macro catalyst that I've"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:50.880",
    "end": "00:31:54.159",
    "text": "described in the domino theory in order"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:52.799",
    "end": "00:31:55.679",
    "text": "to be able to push the price to where it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:54.159",
    "end": "00:32:00.600",
    "text": "needs to be for before they can even"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:31:55.679",
    "end": "00:32:00.600",
    "text": "start using it in that capacity."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:00.880",
    "end": "00:32:05.360",
    "text": "All right, we've got William, Mr."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:03.760",
    "end": "00:32:08.799",
    "text": "Kilgore."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:05.360",
    "end": "00:32:11.120",
    "text": "He says, \"Evening, Jake. So, how many"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:08.799",
    "end": "00:32:14.880",
    "text": "adviserss has your business hired in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:11.120",
    "end": "00:32:16.240",
    "text": "past two months or so?\" Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:14.880",
    "end": "00:32:19.279",
    "text": "we haven't really hired a whole lot of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:16.240",
    "end": "00:32:22.000",
    "text": "adviserss in the last couple months. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:19.279",
    "end": "00:32:25.120",
    "text": "I think one or two is all we brought on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:22.000",
    "end": "00:32:27.120",
    "text": "in the last couple months. Um, currently"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:25.120",
    "end": "00:32:29.760",
    "text": "manage about 4,000 clients. We have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:27.120",
    "end": "00:32:31.840",
    "text": "about 30 advisors. So each client h or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:29.760",
    "end": "00:32:34.399",
    "text": "each adviser has you know what would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:31.840",
    "end": "00:32:36.159",
    "text": "that be 110ish"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:34.399",
    "end": "00:32:39.760",
    "text": "um clients that they are currently"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:36.159",
    "end": "00:32:40.880",
    "text": "servicing. Um you know as we bring on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:39.760",
    "end": "00:32:43.279",
    "text": "some of these other products and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:40.880",
    "end": "00:32:45.600",
    "text": "solutions I think that our consumer you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:43.279",
    "end": "00:32:47.679",
    "text": "know client base will continue to grow."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:45.600",
    "end": "00:32:50.480",
    "text": "Um a lot of people you know are holding"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:47.679",
    "end": "00:32:52.000",
    "text": "some assets away or are waiting for the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:50.480",
    "end": "00:32:54.159",
    "text": "yield product or some other things that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:52.000",
    "end": "00:32:55.600",
    "text": "we're releasing uh before they kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:54.159",
    "end": "00:32:56.720",
    "text": "double down and add more to their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:55.600",
    "end": "00:32:59.360",
    "text": "accounts which completely"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:56.720",
    "end": "00:33:00.640",
    "text": "understandable. Um, but that's, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:32:59.360",
    "end": "00:33:03.120",
    "text": "know, where we're currently at. We"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:00.640",
    "end": "00:33:05.519",
    "text": "haven't continued to scale at as rapid a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:03.120",
    "end": "00:33:08.000",
    "text": "pace as we were at the end of last year."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:05.519",
    "end": "00:33:09.279",
    "text": "Um, and I think that's a good thing. A"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:08.000",
    "end": "00:33:11.519",
    "text": "lot of the advisors that we currently"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:09.279",
    "end": "00:33:13.840",
    "text": "have on staff are seasoned in now."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:11.519",
    "end": "00:33:16.799",
    "text": "They've been here for, you know, three,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:13.840",
    "end": "00:33:18.399",
    "text": "four, five, six months or longer. Uh and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:16.799",
    "end": "00:33:19.679",
    "text": "because of that, you know, they're going"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:18.399",
    "end": "00:33:21.760",
    "text": "to have a deeper understanding of what"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:19.679",
    "end": "00:33:23.519",
    "text": "our clients need, the products that we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:21.760",
    "end": "00:33:26.799",
    "text": "have, and the ability to service our"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:23.519",
    "end": "00:33:29.440",
    "text": "client base at a better um standard"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:26.799",
    "end": "00:33:31.600",
    "text": "than, you know, not to say that new"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:29.440",
    "end": "00:33:33.760",
    "text": "advisors aren't great. They are."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:31.600",
    "end": "00:33:37.039",
    "text": "However, it just takes a little time to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:33.760",
    "end": "00:33:39.279",
    "text": "get up to speed. Um and many people come"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:37.039",
    "end": "00:33:41.679",
    "text": "in and work underneath an adviser before"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:39.279",
    "end": "00:33:43.519",
    "text": "they take on a full book for themselves."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:41.679",
    "end": "00:33:45.279",
    "text": "And at this point, we've kind of made"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:43.519",
    "end": "00:33:47.679",
    "text": "that transition. And I believe all of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:45.279",
    "end": "00:33:51.120",
    "text": "our adviserss at this point have their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:47.679",
    "end": "00:33:53.120",
    "text": "own book and are um continue to service"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:51.120",
    "end": "00:33:56.399",
    "text": "clients and getting even better at it uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:53.120",
    "end": "00:33:59.760",
    "text": "as we moved on here. So um yeah, that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:56.399",
    "end": "00:34:02.240",
    "text": "that's where we sit today. Uh market"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:33:59.760",
    "end": "00:34:03.279",
    "text": "moves, we've we've got a backlog of a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:02.240",
    "end": "00:34:05.200",
    "text": "lot of people that would love to work"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:03.279",
    "end": "00:34:06.480",
    "text": "here. Uh and we will bring them on and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:05.200",
    "end": "00:34:09.440",
    "text": "train them up quickly in order to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:06.480",
    "end": "00:34:13.040",
    "text": "able to meet the demand um as XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:09.440",
    "end": "00:34:16.560",
    "text": "expands in value. Uh Mr. Johnson. He's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:13.040",
    "end": "00:34:19.040",
    "text": "just JC is meeting with clients with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:16.560",
    "end": "00:34:20.960",
    "text": "client. It's pinhead."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:19.040",
    "end": "00:34:23.679",
    "text": "He he's levered heavy heavy on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:20.960",
    "end": "00:34:25.520",
    "text": "reverse cure trade on December 25th"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:23.679",
    "end": "00:34:28.960",
    "text": "after punishing"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:25.520",
    "end": "00:34:31.760",
    "text": "uh 27,891"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:28.960",
    "end": "00:34:34.560",
    "text": "fake Jakers. Fake Jake. He found the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:31.760",
    "end": "00:34:38.639",
    "text": "real one but needs help. Lucifer uh has"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:34.560",
    "end": "00:34:40.720",
    "text": "called Pin Heads Margin. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:38.639",
    "end": "00:34:43.839",
    "text": "some wild scenarios that he he throws"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:40.720",
    "end": "00:34:47.599",
    "text": "out here. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:43.839",
    "end": "00:34:49.040",
    "text": "yeah, you know, we saw people probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:47.599",
    "end": "00:34:51.760",
    "text": "take a little bit undue risk at the end"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:49.040",
    "end": "00:34:53.679",
    "text": "of last year. I can understand um you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:51.760",
    "end": "00:34:55.119",
    "text": "know, I think a lot of people felt that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:53.679",
    "end": "00:34:57.280",
    "text": "things would move just kind of like I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:55.119",
    "end": "00:34:59.599",
    "text": "did. Um and many things still have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:57.280",
    "end": "00:35:01.920",
    "text": "played out this year in 2026 exactly as"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:34:59.599",
    "end": "00:35:04.480",
    "text": "I laid them out last year. Uh this has"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:01.920",
    "end": "00:35:06.400",
    "text": "just been a little bit slower grind than"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:04.480",
    "end": "00:35:08.400",
    "text": "uh you know, I think anybody"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:06.400",
    "end": "00:35:10.000",
    "text": "anticipated, but that's okay. The"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:08.400",
    "end": "00:35:12.079",
    "text": "inevitable outcome is still going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:10.000",
    "end": "00:35:14.560",
    "text": "take place. Uh it's just, you know, how"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:12.079",
    "end": "00:35:15.760",
    "text": "much longer can they kick the can? I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:14.560",
    "end": "00:35:17.920",
    "text": "don't think they have that much longer."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:15.760",
    "end": "00:35:19.040",
    "text": "Like I said, Japan's down to their last"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:17.920",
    "end": "00:35:21.119",
    "text": "time that they can intervene in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:19.040",
    "end": "00:35:23.280",
    "text": "currency market. Um and now that we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:21.119",
    "end": "00:35:25.520",
    "text": "have, you know, not effectively the PAC,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:23.280",
    "end": "00:35:27.040",
    "text": "but the executive order by Trump"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:25.520",
    "end": "00:35:30.400",
    "text": "allowing fintex and other people to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:27.040",
    "end": "00:35:32.720",
    "text": "participate. Japan also uh regulating it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:30.400",
    "end": "00:35:34.560",
    "text": "stable coins uh can be used as regulated"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:32.720",
    "end": "00:35:38.079",
    "text": "payment between counterparties starting"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:34.560",
    "end": "00:35:39.760",
    "text": "June 1st. um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:38.079",
    "end": "00:35:42.640",
    "text": "stock market's going to be tokenized"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:39.760",
    "end": "00:35:44.720",
    "text": "this year in July with full-fledged uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:42.640",
    "end": "00:35:47.520",
    "text": "tokenization across the board in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:44.720",
    "end": "00:35:49.440",
    "text": "October. So, you know, like Monica Long"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:47.520",
    "end": "00:35:52.160",
    "text": "said earlier this year at XRP community"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:49.440",
    "end": "00:35:54.720",
    "text": "day, I believe, and so does she that we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:52.160",
    "end": "00:35:56.800",
    "text": "will see fullcale adoption for XRP here"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:54.720",
    "end": "00:35:59.440",
    "text": "in 2026,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:56.800",
    "end": "00:36:02.079",
    "text": "which means XRP has to be a high price"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:35:59.440",
    "end": "00:36:04.240",
    "text": "for that to happen."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:02.079",
    "end": "00:36:07.440",
    "text": "Off the grid hero says, \"Property tax,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:04.240",
    "end": "00:36:10.720",
    "text": "capital gains, if disappeared, could"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:07.440",
    "end": "00:36:12.560",
    "text": "they remove the lifetime gift tax or is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:10.720",
    "end": "00:36:14.960",
    "text": "there a loophole"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:12.560",
    "end": "00:36:18.160",
    "text": "the irrevocable trust or is the loophole"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:14.960",
    "end": "00:36:22.240",
    "text": "irrevocable trust?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:18.160",
    "end": "00:36:24.240",
    "text": "So, there's no loophole on on taxes."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:22.240",
    "end": "00:36:25.920",
    "text": "Just to be clear,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:24.240",
    "end": "00:36:28.240",
    "text": "you're still going to have to gift those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:25.920",
    "end": "00:36:30.000",
    "text": "assets out of your taxable estate."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:28.240",
    "end": "00:36:31.599",
    "text": "Ideally, you're gifting assets out of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:30.000",
    "end": "00:36:32.960",
    "text": "your taxable estate at a much lower"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:31.599",
    "end": "00:36:34.560",
    "text": "valuation than what they're going to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:32.960",
    "end": "00:36:36.800",
    "text": "later on because if they appreciate in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:34.560",
    "end": "00:36:39.119",
    "text": "your taxable estate, you're only allowed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:36.800",
    "end": "00:36:42.079",
    "text": "15 million per person or 30 million per"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:39.119",
    "end": "00:36:44.720",
    "text": "per couple um that you can gift over"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:42.079",
    "end": "00:36:46.240",
    "text": "your lifetime. So, um you know, if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:44.720",
    "end": "00:36:48.320",
    "text": "pass away and you have 30 million in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:46.240",
    "end": "00:36:50.640",
    "text": "your estate, it passes to your heirs."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:48.320",
    "end": "00:36:52.720",
    "text": "They get a step up in basis uh which"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:50.640",
    "end": "00:36:54.560",
    "text": "means you know they inherit the assets"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:52.720",
    "end": "00:36:56.880",
    "text": "at the new valuation. So if they decide"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:54.560",
    "end": "00:36:59.119",
    "text": "to sell them, there's no taxes for them"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:56.880",
    "end": "00:37:01.680",
    "text": "on that first 30 million. Anything above"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:36:59.119",
    "end": "00:37:04.720",
    "text": "that, they get taxed at 40%."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:01.680",
    "end": "00:37:06.079",
    "text": "Irrespective of if it's cash or assets."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:04.720",
    "end": "00:37:08.720",
    "text": "So holding that inside of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:06.079",
    "end": "00:37:10.400",
    "text": "irrevocable trust or an eyelet or some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:08.720",
    "end": "00:37:11.760",
    "text": "of the other ways that we, you know, do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:10.400",
    "end": "00:37:13.680",
    "text": "some more of the complex estate"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:11.760",
    "end": "00:37:15.440",
    "text": "planning, um, over here with Digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:13.680",
    "end": "00:37:16.960",
    "text": "Ascension Group is a, you know, much"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:15.440",
    "end": "00:37:19.040",
    "text": "more tax advantage way to be able to do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:16.960",
    "end": "00:37:21.280",
    "text": "it to pass it to the next generation."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:19.040",
    "end": "00:37:23.280",
    "text": "Um, could they get rid of the lifetime"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:21.280",
    "end": "00:37:26.240",
    "text": "gift tax threshold? Sure. Canada has"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:23.280",
    "end": "00:37:28.400",
    "text": "none. Canada has no lifetime gift tax"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:26.240",
    "end": "00:37:30.800",
    "text": "threshold. They get you in other ways."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:28.400",
    "end": "00:37:32.480",
    "text": "Um, you know, taxes are actually worse"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:30.800",
    "end": "00:37:35.760",
    "text": "in Canada than they are here in the US"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:32.480",
    "end": "00:37:39.200",
    "text": "for the most part. So, sorry if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:35.760",
    "end": "00:37:41.359",
    "text": "Canadian. Um, my advice if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:39.200",
    "end": "00:37:43.599",
    "text": "Canadian would be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:41.359",
    "end": "00:37:46.000",
    "text": "uh I don't want to say move because that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:43.599",
    "end": "00:37:47.200",
    "text": "sounds harsh, but realistically that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:46.000",
    "end": "00:37:48.480",
    "text": "really the only way that you can get"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:47.200",
    "end": "00:37:51.440",
    "text": "away from that tax regime. It's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:48.480",
    "end": "00:37:52.880",
    "text": "residency based. Um, whereas the US is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:51.440",
    "end": "00:37:54.320",
    "text": "citizenship based. So, it doesn't matter"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:52.880",
    "end": "00:37:56.880",
    "text": "where you travel to, you're still going"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:54.320",
    "end": "00:37:58.720",
    "text": "to be subject to US tax code uh if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:56.880",
    "end": "00:38:03.280",
    "text": "have American citizenship, but if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:37:58.720",
    "end": "00:38:05.760",
    "text": "in the UK, Australia, Canada, uh or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:03.280",
    "end": "00:38:09.200",
    "text": "anything else that the monarchy uh has"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:05.760",
    "end": "00:38:10.720",
    "text": "set up, um it's residency based. So, if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:09.200",
    "end": "00:38:12.240",
    "text": "you can still be a citizen there, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:10.720",
    "end": "00:38:13.839",
    "text": "you move out of there and you're not"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:12.240",
    "end": "00:38:16.320",
    "text": "going to have to pay subject to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:13.839",
    "end": "00:38:18.560",
    "text": "taxes in that jurisdiction."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:16.320",
    "end": "00:38:20.560",
    "text": "Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:18.560",
    "end": "00:38:22.079",
    "text": "property tax in Florida is what they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:20.560",
    "end": "00:38:23.359",
    "text": "trying to get rid of. When I was down"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:22.079",
    "end": "00:38:24.640",
    "text": "there talking to the people that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:23.359",
    "end": "00:38:26.560",
    "text": "local, they were saying that it's just"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:24.640",
    "end": "00:38:29.920",
    "text": "on a certain certain types of property."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:26.560",
    "end": "00:38:31.839",
    "text": "It's not all the property tax. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:29.920",
    "end": "00:38:33.119",
    "text": "capital gains on crypto. Would love to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:31.839",
    "end": "00:38:35.839",
    "text": "see that go away. They're not going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:33.119",
    "end": "00:38:37.440",
    "text": "do away with all capital gains. There"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:35.839",
    "end": "00:38:40.480",
    "text": "there's still going to be taxes for some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:37.440",
    "end": "00:38:42.079",
    "text": "period of time. Um, I'm hopeful that,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:40.480",
    "end": "00:38:44.720",
    "text": "you know, our money moves back to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:42.079",
    "end": "00:38:47.839",
    "text": "Treasury just like everybody else is and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:44.720",
    "end": "00:38:49.839",
    "text": "that the IRS and the Fed go away. Uh but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:47.839",
    "end": "00:38:51.839",
    "text": "until that's an actual reality, we have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:49.839",
    "end": "00:38:54.160",
    "text": "to live in the paradigm that we exist in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:51.839",
    "end": "00:38:57.119",
    "text": "and continue to do what we can to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:54.160",
    "end": "00:38:59.839",
    "text": "navigate taxes um in the best way"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:57.119",
    "end": "00:39:02.160",
    "text": "possible to, you know, ideally keep more"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:38:59.839",
    "end": "00:39:05.119",
    "text": "money in your pocket than sending out to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:02.160",
    "end": "00:39:08.240",
    "text": "the government. Um and the reason I I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:05.119",
    "end": "00:39:10.720",
    "text": "prefer that is, you know, I believe that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:08.240",
    "end": "00:39:12.240",
    "text": "I'm a better allocator of capital than"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:10.720",
    "end": "00:39:14.560",
    "text": "US government is. But you're you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:12.240",
    "end": "00:39:16.000",
    "text": "going to be a philanthropist uh one way"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:14.560",
    "end": "00:39:17.839",
    "text": "or the other. You're either going to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:16.000",
    "end": "00:39:19.119",
    "text": "a forced philanthropist where you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:17.839",
    "end": "00:39:21.359",
    "text": "giving that money to the government and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:19.119",
    "end": "00:39:22.240",
    "text": "they're doullling it out to people uh or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:21.359",
    "end": "00:39:24.160",
    "text": "you're going to be a willing"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:22.240",
    "end": "00:39:26.320",
    "text": "philanthropist and set up a foundation"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:24.160",
    "end": "00:39:27.680",
    "text": "or give to charities or do other things"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:26.320",
    "end": "00:39:30.960",
    "text": "with your money to be able to write off"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:27.680",
    "end": "00:39:33.359",
    "text": "the taxes that way. Um every single"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:30.960",
    "end": "00:39:36.160",
    "text": "family office that I have ever talked to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:33.359",
    "end": "00:39:38.480",
    "text": "has a philanthropic component. They"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:36.160",
    "end": "00:39:40.640",
    "text": "donate to charities or churches or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:38.480",
    "end": "00:39:42.640",
    "text": "causes that they feel strongly about."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:40.640",
    "end": "00:39:44.160",
    "text": "They've probably set up many most of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:42.640",
    "end": "00:39:47.119",
    "text": "them if not all of them have set up a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:44.160",
    "end": "00:39:48.640",
    "text": "family foundation. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:47.119",
    "end": "00:39:51.119",
    "text": "again I mentioned this on the Monday"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:48.640",
    "end": "00:39:53.359",
    "text": "deal but I'll reiterated it here. Bill"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:51.119",
    "end": "00:39:54.640",
    "text": "Gates and Bill and Melenna Gates"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:53.359",
    "end": "00:39:58.079",
    "text": "Foundation has sold all of their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:54.640",
    "end": "00:40:02.079",
    "text": "Microsoft stock 7.7 million shares for a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:39:58.079",
    "end": "00:40:05.359",
    "text": "total of $3.2 billion."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:02.079",
    "end": "00:40:07.760",
    "text": "Markets are a little bit down today. I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:05.359",
    "end": "00:40:10.880",
    "text": "hopeful that they, you know, rebound."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:07.760",
    "end": "00:40:13.040",
    "text": "Uh, like I said, Monday, the the 618 uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:10.880",
    "end": "00:40:14.720",
    "text": "Fibonacci, again, I'm not a chart"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:13.040",
    "end": "00:40:16.000",
    "text": "person. I'm just, you know, trying to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:14.720",
    "end": "00:40:17.839",
    "text": "figure out where the mic the market"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:16.000",
    "end": "00:40:19.760",
    "text": "might top at if it does have a blowoff"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:17.839",
    "end": "00:40:22.720",
    "text": "top, uh, which I think we're moving"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:19.760",
    "end": "00:40:24.640",
    "text": "into, uh, is somewhere between 7,900 and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:22.720",
    "end": "00:40:28.240",
    "text": "8,000."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:24.640",
    "end": "00:40:31.040",
    "text": "So, uh, that's for the S&P. So, if we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:28.240",
    "end": "00:40:32.480",
    "text": "see the market continue to rise, that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:31.040",
    "end": "00:40:34.720",
    "text": "kind of the levels that I'm looking for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:32.480",
    "end": "00:40:36.720",
    "text": "for it to, you know, really be, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:34.720",
    "end": "00:40:40.800",
    "text": "know, have a he heavy resistance against"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:36.720",
    "end": "00:40:43.040",
    "text": "and kind of be taken back. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:40.800",
    "end": "00:40:46.079",
    "text": "that's not that large a percentage move"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:43.040",
    "end": "00:40:48.480",
    "text": "from where we're at now. So, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:46.079",
    "end": "00:40:49.920",
    "text": "again, I'm not telling you to sell. I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:48.480",
    "end": "00:40:52.160",
    "text": "not giving you financial advice if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:49.920",
    "end": "00:40:53.680",
    "text": "own stocks. Uh, but I would at least go"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:52.160",
    "end": "00:40:56.880",
    "text": "have a conversation with your financial"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:53.680",
    "end": "00:40:58.319",
    "text": "advisor and talk to them about the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:56.880",
    "end": "00:41:00.960",
    "text": "reverse carrier trade and see if that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:40:58.319",
    "end": "00:41:02.400",
    "text": "anything that's even on their radar. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:00.960",
    "end": "00:41:05.440",
    "text": "the family office conference that I was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:02.400",
    "end": "00:41:08.880",
    "text": "at Monday and Tuesday this week, um, I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:05.440",
    "end": "00:41:12.000",
    "text": "got to talk with the the CIO of RBC,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:08.880",
    "end": "00:41:13.599",
    "text": "um, Royal Bank of Canada, and, um, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:12.000",
    "end": "00:41:15.760",
    "text": "know, he is familiar with that. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:13.599",
    "end": "00:41:17.520",
    "text": "know, they they manage some very wealthy"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:15.760",
    "end": "00:41:20.079",
    "text": "families money uh, and they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:17.520",
    "end": "00:41:22.000",
    "text": "navigating that risk. He doesn't feel"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:20.079",
    "end": "00:41:23.680",
    "text": "the gentleman that spoke didn't feel"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:22.000",
    "end": "00:41:26.400",
    "text": "that it was a large market risk at this"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:23.680",
    "end": "00:41:27.839",
    "text": "point. I heavily disagree with that. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:26.400",
    "end": "00:41:30.720",
    "text": "but that's okay. Everybody has their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:27.839",
    "end": "00:41:33.040",
    "text": "opinion. Um you know me me and Michael"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:30.720",
    "end": "00:41:34.960",
    "text": "Gad and and Daario over there on Twitter"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:33.040",
    "end": "00:41:36.640",
    "text": "are shouting it from the rooftops."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:34.960",
    "end": "00:41:38.079",
    "text": "Everybody else is you know got their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:36.640",
    "end": "00:41:39.359",
    "text": "head in the sand kind of ignoring it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:38.079",
    "end": "00:41:41.520",
    "text": "thinking that it already gone wound and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:39.359",
    "end": "00:41:43.040",
    "text": "it'll be fine."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:41.520",
    "end": "00:41:44.560",
    "text": "I I don't think that's the case. I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:43.040",
    "end": "00:41:46.960",
    "text": "we're still going to see significant"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:44.560",
    "end": "00:41:49.359",
    "text": "downside in markets when that unwinds."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:46.960",
    "end": "00:41:51.520",
    "text": "Um, but again, taking it back to what I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:49.359",
    "end": "00:41:52.960",
    "text": "just stated, not telling you to sell any"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:51.520",
    "end": "00:41:54.800",
    "text": "of your stocks. I'm not telling, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:52.960",
    "end": "00:41:56.560",
    "text": "know, giving you financial advice. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:54.800",
    "end": "00:41:58.079",
    "text": "but I think it is a good time, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:56.560",
    "end": "00:41:59.839",
    "text": "to probably go have a conversation with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:58.079",
    "end": "00:42:01.920",
    "text": "your financial adviser if you do have an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:41:59.839",
    "end": "00:42:04.560",
    "text": "allocation there about, you know, the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:01.920",
    "end": "00:42:06.319",
    "text": "reverse carrier trade and potentially"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:04.560",
    "end": "00:42:09.359",
    "text": "being able to hedge against some market"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:06.319",
    "end": "00:42:11.520",
    "text": "volatility if there is a downturn that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:09.359",
    "end": "00:42:12.960",
    "text": "is significant."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:11.520",
    "end": "00:42:15.680",
    "text": "Rick Johnson again, good to see you,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:12.960",
    "end": "00:42:18.319",
    "text": "dude. This is Mr. Blister. I am cautious"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:15.680",
    "end": "00:42:22.319",
    "text": "about meme coins. They remind me of a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:18.319",
    "end": "00:42:26.560",
    "text": "business that I remember uh Nocturnal"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:22.319",
    "end": "00:42:28.400",
    "text": "Airlines, a fly by night operation."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:26.560",
    "end": "00:42:31.280",
    "text": "These are good dad jokes. He has really"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:28.400",
    "end": "00:42:33.119",
    "text": "good dad jokes. Um Off the Grid Hero"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:31.280",
    "end": "00:42:35.599",
    "text": "says, \"In the future, electronic cars"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:33.119",
    "end": "00:42:38.720",
    "text": "forced on us. Driving for the poor,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:35.599",
    "end": "00:42:42.560",
    "text": "flying for the rich. Jetson's uh Jetson"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:38.720",
    "end": "00:42:44.880",
    "text": "one seems like the future.\" Um, so you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:42.560",
    "end": "00:42:46.880",
    "text": "know, I've had this debate with my wife."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:44.880",
    "end": "00:42:48.800",
    "text": "Uh, she's still adamant that we will"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:46.880",
    "end": "00:42:53.240",
    "text": "will continue to be driving cars by the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:48.800",
    "end": "00:42:53.240",
    "text": "time my son is old enough to drive."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:53.760",
    "end": "00:42:58.400",
    "text": "I don't think we will. Uh, I think, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:56.560",
    "end": "00:43:02.720",
    "text": "know, over that period of time, I won't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:42:58.400",
    "end": "00:43:05.040",
    "text": "divulge how old my son is, but, um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:02.720",
    "end": "00:43:08.560",
    "text": "I think by the time he's old enough to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:05.040",
    "end": "00:43:10.720",
    "text": "be able to get a license, um, most of,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:08.560",
    "end": "00:43:12.640",
    "text": "if not all of the vehicles on the road"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:10.720",
    "end": "00:43:16.400",
    "text": "will be self-driving."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:12.640",
    "end": "00:43:18.400",
    "text": "I know that that's a weird paradigm, um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:16.400",
    "end": "00:43:21.200",
    "text": "shift from from how we've grown up and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:18.400",
    "end": "00:43:22.960",
    "text": "how the world's operated for our entire"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:21.200",
    "end": "00:43:26.640",
    "text": "lifetimes up to this point, if you're,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:22.960",
    "end": "00:43:30.079",
    "text": "you know, watching this. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:26.640",
    "end": "00:43:31.760",
    "text": "but with the techn"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:30.079",
    "end": "00:43:35.040",
    "text": "with technology advancing at the pace"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:31.760",
    "end": "00:43:36.640",
    "text": "that it is and with AI and LAR"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:35.040",
    "end": "00:43:38.640",
    "text": "and all the other things that are that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:36.640",
    "end": "00:43:41.359",
    "text": "are coming around, robo taxis are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:38.640",
    "end": "00:43:43.599",
    "text": "rolling out. Um, people are paying, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:41.359",
    "end": "00:43:45.920",
    "text": "know, like a $99 a month subscription to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:43.599",
    "end": "00:43:48.079",
    "text": "be able to, you know, call a robo taxi"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:45.920",
    "end": "00:43:50.000",
    "text": "when they need it. Um, they've already"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:48.079",
    "end": "00:43:52.800",
    "text": "got, what was the list? It was like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:50.000",
    "end": "00:43:54.240",
    "text": "37,000 people subscribed in just a few"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:52.800",
    "end": "00:43:56.240",
    "text": "cities here in Texas and they're rolling"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:54.240",
    "end": "00:43:59.920",
    "text": "out that out nationwide and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:56.240",
    "end": "00:44:02.640",
    "text": "internationally over the next 12 months."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:43:59.920",
    "end": "00:44:04.160",
    "text": "I mean, you got Whimo um and there's a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:02.640",
    "end": "00:44:05.359",
    "text": "few other self-drive to Google car."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:04.160",
    "end": "00:44:07.920",
    "text": "There's there's a bunch of them out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:05.359",
    "end": "00:44:09.920",
    "text": "there at this point uh that are piloting"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:07.920",
    "end": "00:44:11.920",
    "text": "the technology. I will say that it's not"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:09.920",
    "end": "00:44:13.440",
    "text": "perfect yet for sure. There's definitely"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:11.920",
    "end": "00:44:16.400",
    "text": "some accidents and issues that have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:13.440",
    "end": "00:44:18.800",
    "text": "happened. Um it's not ready for scale"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:16.400",
    "end": "00:44:22.720",
    "text": "yet. Uh, but I do think that that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:18.800",
    "end": "00:44:24.160",
    "text": "coming. Um, and you know, as time"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:22.720",
    "end": "00:44:26.000",
    "text": "progresses, I think that it will"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:24.160",
    "end": "00:44:27.359",
    "text": "improve. I don't know that they're ever"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:26.000",
    "end": "00:44:30.240",
    "text": "going to be able to work out all the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:27.359",
    "end": "00:44:32.079",
    "text": "kinks on it, but at the same time, like,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:30.240",
    "end": "00:44:34.079",
    "text": "how many wrecks do people cause every"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:32.079",
    "end": "00:44:37.920",
    "text": "single day?"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:34.079",
    "end": "00:44:40.160",
    "text": "A lot. Uh, and I mean, if you ran the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:37.920",
    "end": "00:44:43.040",
    "text": "statistics on it, I would expect that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:40.160",
    "end": "00:44:45.680",
    "text": "self-driving cars would probably, I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:43.040",
    "end": "00:44:49.119",
    "text": "don't know about yet, but in the future,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:45.680",
    "end": "00:44:50.880",
    "text": "uh, have less wrecks than people do. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:49.119",
    "end": "00:44:52.800",
    "text": "know I'm distracted driving, and I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:50.880",
    "end": "00:44:54.960",
    "text": "much prefer to sit in the back seat and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:52.800",
    "end": "00:44:56.480",
    "text": "make phone calls and work and do other"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:54.960",
    "end": "00:44:58.240",
    "text": "stuff and just have the car drive me"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:56.480",
    "end": "00:45:00.319",
    "text": "where I needed to go. And I think most"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:44:58.240",
    "end": "00:45:03.760",
    "text": "people would opt for that option. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:00.319",
    "end": "00:45:05.359",
    "text": "when it comes to flying cars, um in in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:03.760",
    "end": "00:45:07.599",
    "text": "the book, The Future is Faster Than You"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:05.359",
    "end": "00:45:09.040",
    "text": "Think, uh highly recommend you read that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:07.599",
    "end": "00:45:11.440",
    "text": "if you haven't ever, you know, read"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:09.040",
    "end": "00:45:12.880",
    "text": "that. I think it would give you a lot of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:11.440",
    "end": "00:45:14.960",
    "text": "perspective on where we're at today in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:12.880",
    "end": "00:45:18.319",
    "text": "2026 in comparison to when that book was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:14.960",
    "end": "00:45:21.440",
    "text": "written in 2018. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:18.319",
    "end": "00:45:22.880",
    "text": "but Flying Cars was one of the uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:21.440",
    "end": "00:45:26.880",
    "text": "advanced technologies that they were"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:22.880",
    "end": "00:45:28.960",
    "text": "talking about culminating. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:26.880",
    "end": "00:45:31.839",
    "text": "wife says she's not getting in a way."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:28.960",
    "end": "00:45:34.400",
    "text": "Um, she'll come around. She She didn't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:31.839",
    "end": "00:45:37.200",
    "text": "want to use chat GPT early on either."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:34.400",
    "end": "00:45:38.480",
    "text": "Uh, but, you know, it'll grow on her. We"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:37.200",
    "end": "00:45:41.599",
    "text": "We'll get her We'll get her in a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:38.480",
    "end": "00:45:44.800",
    "text": "self-driving car at some point. Um, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:41.599",
    "end": "00:45:47.119",
    "text": "back to the flying cars. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:44.800",
    "end": "00:45:48.400",
    "text": "you got Airbus, you got Uber, you've got"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:47.119",
    "end": "00:45:52.160",
    "text": "a few other people out there that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:48.400",
    "end": "00:45:54.480",
    "text": "competing in that vertical. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:52.160",
    "end": "00:45:56.480",
    "text": "still not sure on that one either. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:54.480",
    "end": "00:45:58.880",
    "text": "know, air traffic control and other"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:56.480",
    "end": "00:46:00.800",
    "text": "things."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:45:58.880",
    "end": "00:46:02.560",
    "text": "There's these drones now that's a single"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:00.800",
    "end": "00:46:06.800",
    "text": "person drone that can fly you from place"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:02.560",
    "end": "00:46:08.240",
    "text": "to place. Um anytime you're flying, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:06.800",
    "end": "00:46:11.280",
    "text": "know, that's kind of scary. Whether it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:08.240",
    "end": "00:46:13.280",
    "text": "a helicopter or a jet or a plane, um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:11.280",
    "end": "00:46:15.200",
    "text": "those go down,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:13.280",
    "end": "00:46:18.480",
    "text": "you know, at least once a week I hear"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:15.200",
    "end": "00:46:20.319",
    "text": "about something crashing."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:18.480",
    "end": "00:46:24.000",
    "text": "Cars happen every single day. you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:20.319",
    "end": "00:46:26.240",
    "text": "there's um per year in Texas, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:24.000",
    "end": "00:46:28.240",
    "text": "they'll they'll post it on, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:26.240",
    "end": "00:46:30.800",
    "text": "the uh the billboards normally around"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:28.240",
    "end": "00:46:32.640",
    "text": "Christmas or holidays when people do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:30.800",
    "end": "00:46:34.560",
    "text": "drink and drive and they'll just remind"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:32.640",
    "end": "00:46:36.640",
    "text": "you not to and they'll tell you how many"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:34.560",
    "end": "00:46:38.079",
    "text": "wrecks have have, you know, how many"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:36.640",
    "end": "00:46:40.319",
    "text": "people have lost their lives in wrecks"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:38.079",
    "end": "00:46:42.000",
    "text": "in Texas. It's normally, you know, a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:40.319",
    "end": "00:46:45.520",
    "text": "little bit south of 2,000 people per"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:42.000",
    "end": "00:46:48.240",
    "text": "year uh in the great state of Texas that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:45.520",
    "end": "00:46:52.079",
    "text": "uh end up unfortunately passing away uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:48.240",
    "end": "00:46:54.880",
    "text": "through car accidents. Um yeah, flying"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:52.079",
    "end": "00:46:57.280",
    "text": "cars, I don't know. You you would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:54.880",
    "end": "00:46:58.880",
    "text": "definitely need some type of operating"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:57.280",
    "end": "00:47:01.599",
    "text": "system, an AI or something else to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:46:58.880",
    "end": "00:47:04.400",
    "text": "able to direct traffic in the air."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:01.599",
    "end": "00:47:06.079",
    "text": "Humans, uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:04.400",
    "end": "00:47:08.880",
    "text": "if we were flying those, I don't I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:06.079",
    "end": "00:47:12.079",
    "text": "think it would go so well. So, um I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:08.880",
    "end": "00:47:13.280",
    "text": "don't know how imminent that is. Um I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:12.079",
    "end": "00:47:15.280",
    "text": "think that there's a significant"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:13.280",
    "end": "00:47:17.440",
    "text": "adoption curve there. Again, people are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:15.280",
    "end": "00:47:19.520",
    "text": "scared. It's probably cost prohibitive"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:17.440",
    "end": "00:47:21.839",
    "text": "in the short term. Uh but it's kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:19.520",
    "end": "00:47:23.680",
    "text": "like SpaceX, right? And the the rockets"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:21.839",
    "end": "00:47:26.640",
    "text": "that Elon has figured out. He's able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:23.680",
    "end": "00:47:28.800",
    "text": "reuse the parts. Um he's brought the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:26.640",
    "end": "00:47:30.960",
    "text": "cost of space travel down substantially."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:28.800",
    "end": "00:47:33.839",
    "text": "I think the same will happen for you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:30.960",
    "end": "00:47:36.480",
    "text": "know Ubers uh and you know robo taxis"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:33.839",
    "end": "00:47:38.480",
    "text": "and those things. Uh in addition to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:36.480",
    "end": "00:47:41.040",
    "text": "flying vehicles to be able to transport"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:38.480",
    "end": "00:47:44.000",
    "text": "you, uh I think public transport will"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:41.040",
    "end": "00:47:45.520",
    "text": "also be a huge thing in the future. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:44.000",
    "end": "00:47:48.480",
    "text": "they've talked about building a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:45.520",
    "end": "00:47:51.200",
    "text": "hypersonic rail between uh Dallas,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:48.480",
    "end": "00:47:54.240",
    "text": "Houston, San Antonio, and Austin and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:51.200",
    "end": "00:47:56.079",
    "text": "Fort Worth. Um it' be kind of like a big"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:54.240",
    "end": "00:47:58.319",
    "text": "triangle here in Texas. You'd be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:56.079",
    "end": "00:48:00.319",
    "text": "get to Houston in like 30 minutes. Right"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:47:58.319",
    "end": "00:48:02.400",
    "text": "now it's about a three-hour drive to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:00.319",
    "end": "00:48:04.960",
    "text": "able to do that. I could see that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:02.400",
    "end": "00:48:07.119",
    "text": "happening before we saw flying cars. uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:04.960",
    "end": "00:48:09.920",
    "text": "we already have hypersonic rail in some"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:07.119",
    "end": "00:48:11.920",
    "text": "other other countries um you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:09.920",
    "end": "00:48:13.920",
    "text": "especially in eastern countries those"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:11.920",
    "end": "00:48:17.280",
    "text": "have been successful"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:13.920",
    "end": "00:48:19.119",
    "text": "um but yeah you know I'm thinking more"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:17.280",
    "end": "00:48:24.000",
    "text": "like 2040"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:19.119",
    "end": "00:48:26.640",
    "text": "before we we see the Jetsons type stuff."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:24.000",
    "end": "00:48:28.960",
    "text": "Um would love to be wrong. Would love to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:26.640",
    "end": "00:48:31.760",
    "text": "have it happen sooner but that's just my"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:28.960",
    "end": "00:48:33.520",
    "text": "two cents. Uh Scott Maddox says, \"Hey"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:31.760",
    "end": "00:48:35.200",
    "text": "Jake, pray for you and your family. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:33.520",
    "end": "00:48:36.720",
    "text": "hope you're well.\" Thank you, dude. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:35.200",
    "end": "00:48:40.160",
    "text": "we appreciate the prayers and we are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:36.720",
    "end": "00:48:43.760",
    "text": "doing uh great. We are very blessed. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:40.160",
    "end": "00:48:45.920",
    "text": "he says, \"I am safe outside of am I safe"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:43.760",
    "end": "00:48:49.200",
    "text": "outside of the DAG app on Uphold with my"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:45.920",
    "end": "00:48:52.880",
    "text": "XRP. I've been seeing some unsettling"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:49.200",
    "end": "00:48:54.720",
    "text": "posts lately on Uphold actions.\" I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:52.880",
    "end": "00:48:58.079",
    "text": "haven't been seeing any of those posts."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:54.720",
    "end": "00:48:59.920",
    "text": "Um you know, I trust uphold. That's why"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:58.079",
    "end": "00:49:01.359",
    "text": "we partnered with them. However, I will"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:48:59.920",
    "end": "00:49:03.520",
    "text": "say, you know, we have purview of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:01.359",
    "end": "00:49:05.599",
    "text": "infrastructure over there uh that we are"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:03.520",
    "end": "00:49:07.520",
    "text": "white labeling from them inside the DAG"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:05.599",
    "end": "00:49:09.359",
    "text": "app. So, you know, we're we're looking"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:07.520",
    "end": "00:49:11.520",
    "text": "to build in some additional asurances."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:09.359",
    "end": "00:49:13.280",
    "text": "As it sits right now, it's just, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:11.520",
    "end": "00:49:14.960",
    "text": "know, a white labelled version of their"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:13.280",
    "end": "00:49:18.240",
    "text": "instance, but we have the oversight on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:14.960",
    "end": "00:49:20.160",
    "text": "it for our clients uh and users. So, if"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:18.240",
    "end": "00:49:23.359",
    "text": "that gives you the warm and fuzzy that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:20.160",
    "end": "00:49:25.839",
    "text": "there's um some additional controls or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:23.359",
    "end": "00:49:29.839",
    "text": "that we're, you know, kind of verifying"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:25.839",
    "end": "00:49:31.520",
    "text": "things um on on that application, then"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:29.839",
    "end": "00:49:34.800",
    "text": "yeah, we would love to have you on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:31.520",
    "end": "00:49:36.319",
    "text": "app. Um but again, I don't know that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:34.800",
    "end": "00:49:39.280",
    "text": "you're in any type of jeopardy over"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:36.319",
    "end": "00:49:42.160",
    "text": "there on Uphold's regular um application"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:39.280",
    "end": "00:49:44.559",
    "text": "either."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:42.160",
    "end": "00:49:46.160",
    "text": "Uh thank you for the super chat, Mr."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:44.559",
    "end": "00:49:48.960",
    "text": "McGee."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:46.160",
    "end": "00:49:51.280",
    "text": "Uh, we've got Mr. Luther. He says,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:48.960",
    "end": "00:49:53.760",
    "text": "\"Hello, legend.\" What's up, dude? Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:51.280",
    "end": "00:49:57.359",
    "text": "what is your opinion of tokenization of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:53.760",
    "end": "00:49:59.200",
    "text": "gold on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:57.359",
    "end": "00:50:02.960",
    "text": "assuming he means Ethereum blockchain?"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:49:59.200",
    "end": "00:50:06.720",
    "text": "Do you view Ethereum as a competitive"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:02.960",
    "end": "00:50:09.440",
    "text": "threat? God bless. Um, so again, there's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:06.720",
    "end": "00:50:12.319",
    "text": "an EVM side chain on the XRPL. Ethereum"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:09.440",
    "end": "00:50:14.559",
    "text": "is proof of stake. Um, they've already"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:12.319",
    "end": "00:50:17.760",
    "text": "had a 51% attack on the network. That's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:14.559",
    "end": "00:50:20.559",
    "text": "why you have Ethereum Classic."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:17.760",
    "end": "00:50:23.119",
    "text": "Um, so the network has been forked once"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:20.559",
    "end": "00:50:26.079",
    "text": "in the past."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:23.119",
    "end": "00:50:27.760",
    "text": "Um, the latency is very high for"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:26.079",
    "end": "00:50:29.680",
    "text": "Ethereum, especially when the network's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:27.760",
    "end": "00:50:31.040",
    "text": "congested. Costs also go up"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:29.680",
    "end": "00:50:33.520",
    "text": "substantially on Ethereum when the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:31.040",
    "end": "00:50:35.280",
    "text": "network's congested. um it just doesn't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:33.520",
    "end": "00:50:37.599",
    "text": "have enough throughput and that's why"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:35.280",
    "end": "00:50:39.119",
    "text": "you've seen a lot of layer twos uh built"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:37.599",
    "end": "00:50:41.920",
    "text": "out on top of Ethereum to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:39.119",
    "end": "00:50:43.359",
    "text": "kind of band-aid those gaps uh or you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:41.920",
    "end": "00:50:45.440",
    "text": "know have workarounds to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:43.359",
    "end": "00:50:47.359",
    "text": "facilitate transactions"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:45.440",
    "end": "00:50:50.079",
    "text": "um between counterparties that have"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:47.359",
    "end": "00:50:53.520",
    "text": "developed you know DeFi applications uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:50.079",
    "end": "00:50:55.359",
    "text": "either on Ethereum itself or on layer 2."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:53.520",
    "end": "00:50:58.240",
    "text": "Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:55.359",
    "end": "00:51:00.400",
    "text": "I I think the EVM, which is the Ethereum"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:50:58.240",
    "end": "00:51:02.400",
    "text": "virtual machine, will be used in a bunch"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:00.400",
    "end": "00:51:04.559",
    "text": "of different applications, but Ethereum,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:02.400",
    "end": "00:51:06.079",
    "text": "the blockchain itself."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:04.559",
    "end": "00:51:08.079",
    "text": "Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:06.079",
    "end": "00:51:10.240",
    "text": "really hasn't lived up to the hype over"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:08.079",
    "end": "00:51:13.280",
    "text": "the long term that was set out by"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:10.240",
    "end": "00:51:15.680",
    "text": "Vitalik and Joseph Luben. You know, it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:13.280",
    "end": "00:51:17.359",
    "text": "took them a long time to migrate from"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:15.680",
    "end": "00:51:19.520",
    "text": "proof of work to proof of stake and it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:17.359",
    "end": "00:51:24.079",
    "text": "really didn't do much for the throughput"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:19.520",
    "end": "00:51:25.680",
    "text": "and cost uh on that network. Um it, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:24.079",
    "end": "00:51:29.040",
    "text": "know, it's a mainstay. I don't think"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:25.680",
    "end": "00:51:30.640",
    "text": "it's going to go anywhere. Um but again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:29.040",
    "end": "00:51:33.280",
    "text": "you know, Bitcoin and Ethereum I kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:30.640",
    "end": "00:51:34.960",
    "text": "view as the Nabster or the Alta Vista uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:33.280",
    "end": "00:51:37.839",
    "text": "of crypto. Both of those are first"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:34.960",
    "end": "00:51:41.760",
    "text": "movers. They have large market share."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:37.839",
    "end": "00:51:44.400",
    "text": "They disrupted industries. They have um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:41.760",
    "end": "00:51:45.760",
    "text": "you know unique technologies that a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:44.400",
    "end": "00:51:49.280",
    "text": "portion of it will be used in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:45.760",
    "end": "00:51:52.000",
    "text": "future. uh however you know as better"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:49.280",
    "end": "00:51:55.200",
    "text": "options come to market that are uh more"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:52.000",
    "end": "00:51:56.319",
    "text": "secure uh higher throughput lower cost I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:55.200",
    "end": "00:51:57.599",
    "text": "think that those will see the adoption"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:56.319",
    "end": "00:52:00.319",
    "text": "and we've already seen that transition"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:51:57.599",
    "end": "00:52:03.680",
    "text": "once in the past with Ethereum Ethereum"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:00.319",
    "end": "00:52:08.240",
    "text": "originally uh had the majority of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:03.680",
    "end": "00:52:10.640",
    "text": "NFTts issued on that blockchain um you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:08.240",
    "end": "00:52:12.960",
    "text": "know port apach club and many of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:10.640",
    "end": "00:52:15.520",
    "text": "other things that happened in 2021 were"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:12.960",
    "end": "00:52:18.160",
    "text": "on that on that network um and then we"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:15.520",
    "end": "00:52:19.839",
    "text": "saw a large migration for memecoins uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:18.160",
    "end": "00:52:21.680",
    "text": "and NFTTS"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:19.839",
    "end": "00:52:24.160",
    "text": "um"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:21.680",
    "end": "00:52:25.920",
    "text": "you know over to Salana uh in this last"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:24.160",
    "end": "00:52:28.720",
    "text": "cycle because Salana has much higher"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:25.920",
    "end": "00:52:30.720",
    "text": "throughput and much lower cost than"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:28.720",
    "end": "00:52:32.480",
    "text": "Ethereum. I I think the same will be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:30.720",
    "end": "00:52:34.319",
    "text": "true as some of these other networks"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:32.480",
    "end": "00:52:37.440",
    "text": "like the XRPL,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:34.319",
    "end": "00:52:40.480",
    "text": "Hideera and XLM come into vogue during"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:37.440",
    "end": "00:52:44.160",
    "text": "this next utility phase uh of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:40.480",
    "end": "00:52:46.559",
    "text": "application or adoption um of this asset"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:44.160",
    "end": "00:52:49.520",
    "text": "class and these protocols."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:46.559",
    "end": "00:52:52.000",
    "text": "So I don't really view it as a threat."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:49.520",
    "end": "00:52:54.000",
    "text": "Uh I think it's great in the fact that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:52.000",
    "end": "00:52:56.960",
    "text": "it disrupted an industry and created a"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:54.000",
    "end": "00:52:58.960",
    "text": "whole new vertical for contracts. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:56.960",
    "end": "00:53:00.960",
    "text": "but I think that there are much better"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:52:58.960",
    "end": "00:53:03.680",
    "text": "networks that can facilitate that at"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:00.960",
    "end": "00:53:06.680",
    "text": "scale versus Ethereum over the long"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:03.680",
    "end": "00:53:06.680",
    "text": "term."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:07.280",
    "end": "00:53:12.880",
    "text": "All right, Brad, Mr. Bryson, he says,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:10.079",
    "end": "00:53:14.800",
    "text": "\"Hey Jay, outside of a supply shock, how"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:12.880",
    "end": "00:53:17.040",
    "text": "would the mechanics work in the future"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:14.800",
    "end": "00:53:19.040",
    "text": "for Ripple institutions with the escrow"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:17.040",
    "end": "00:53:21.119",
    "text": "being locked up? They can't use it until"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:19.040",
    "end": "00:53:24.559",
    "text": "it's released, right? Or how does that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:21.119",
    "end": "00:53:26.720",
    "text": "work?\" Uh well, a billion uh is released"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:24.559",
    "end": "00:53:30.400",
    "text": "each each month on the first of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:26.720",
    "end": "00:53:34.640",
    "text": "month. Um 12:00 p.m. or sorry, 12 a.m."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:30.400",
    "end": "00:53:36.720",
    "text": "uh UTC uh is when that's unlocked. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:34.640",
    "end": "00:53:39.200",
    "text": "anybody can go in there and actually,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:36.720",
    "end": "00:53:42.000",
    "text": "you know, unlock the escrow and release"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:39.200",
    "end": "00:53:44.160",
    "text": "the XRP. Uh that was put out by VET and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:42.000",
    "end": "00:53:46.640",
    "text": "he actually went out and did that one"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:44.160",
    "end": "00:53:48.240",
    "text": "time when I was saying, \"Hey, they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:46.640",
    "end": "00:53:50.880",
    "text": "haven't, you know, taken the escrow out"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:48.240",
    "end": "00:53:52.319",
    "text": "yet.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:50.880",
    "end": "00:53:55.280",
    "text": "it goes to a wallet that Ripple"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:52.319",
    "end": "00:53:56.800",
    "text": "controls, right? So, they then get to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:55.280",
    "end": "00:53:58.880",
    "text": "make that distribution, do what they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:56.800",
    "end": "00:54:00.880",
    "text": "going to do with it. Uh whether that's,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:53:58.880",
    "end": "00:54:02.559",
    "text": "you know, re-escrow a portion of it like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:00.880",
    "end": "00:54:04.240",
    "text": "they have for the majority of the time"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:02.559",
    "end": "00:54:06.400",
    "text": "that they've had those releases, the,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:04.240",
    "end": "00:54:08.640",
    "text": "you know, the last couple years it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:06.400",
    "end": "00:54:10.880",
    "text": "been 700 million that they've reescroed"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:08.640",
    "end": "00:54:13.119",
    "text": "on the back end of the note. Um they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:10.880",
    "end": "00:54:16.000",
    "text": "have over 50 wallets that that escrow is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:13.119",
    "end": "00:54:18.319",
    "text": "released to at this point."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:16.000",
    "end": "00:54:20.000",
    "text": "um they normally take about 300 million"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:18.319",
    "end": "00:54:21.520",
    "text": "and put it on the market and sell that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:20.000",
    "end": "00:54:23.440",
    "text": "each month to be able to generate cash"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:21.520",
    "end": "00:54:25.920",
    "text": "flow for their business and you know do"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:23.440",
    "end": "00:54:29.119",
    "text": "other things with buy shares back do you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:25.920",
    "end": "00:54:31.119",
    "text": "know whatever else they're doing scaling"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:29.119",
    "end": "00:54:33.280",
    "text": "um institutional partnerships gain"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:31.119",
    "end": "00:54:35.359",
    "text": "adoption for XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:33.280",
    "end": "00:54:38.720",
    "text": "which is their north star you know I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:35.359",
    "end": "00:54:40.640",
    "text": "still think people don't understand"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:38.720",
    "end": "00:54:42.640",
    "text": "the order of events that have to take"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:40.640",
    "end": "00:54:44.160",
    "text": "place for XRP to see significant price"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:42.640",
    "end": "00:54:45.599",
    "text": "appreciation and how Ripple plays an"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:44.160",
    "end": "00:54:47.760",
    "text": "integral role"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:45.599",
    "end": "00:54:50.319",
    "text": "um in helping that along they can't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:47.760",
    "end": "00:54:54.000",
    "text": "orchestrate it themselves otherwise it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:50.319",
    "end": "00:54:56.480",
    "text": "would be a security of Ripple so um they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:54.000",
    "end": "00:54:59.520",
    "text": "do you know have a large portion of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:56.480",
    "end": "00:55:01.839",
    "text": "escrow uh or well yeah there's there"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:54:59.520",
    "end": "00:55:03.280",
    "text": "anybody can escrow XRP on the XRPL by"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:01.839",
    "end": "00:55:05.359",
    "text": "the way so if you want to go play with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:03.280",
    "end": "00:55:07.119",
    "text": "that function you can just go to XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:05.359",
    "end": "00:55:08.880",
    "text": "toolkit.com"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:07.119",
    "end": "00:55:10.240",
    "text": "um and you can you know add your wallet"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:08.880",
    "end": "00:55:11.839",
    "text": "address and you can play with the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:10.240",
    "end": "00:55:13.839",
    "text": "different functionality that's native on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:11.839",
    "end": "00:55:16.000",
    "text": "chain built into your wallets time"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:13.839",
    "end": "00:55:18.640",
    "text": "escros are one of those. So, if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:16.000",
    "end": "00:55:20.319",
    "text": "wanted to, you know, lock up some XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:18.640",
    "end": "00:55:22.240",
    "text": "over a period of time that would flow"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:20.319",
    "end": "00:55:24.480",
    "text": "back to your wallet at a future date,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:22.240",
    "end": "00:55:26.480",
    "text": "you can do that. Um, I've done that with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:24.480",
    "end": "00:55:28.559",
    "text": "a large portion of what I have, so it'll"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:26.480",
    "end": "00:55:30.240",
    "text": "come back to me, you know, uh, in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:28.559",
    "end": "00:55:32.640",
    "text": "future, hopefully at a higher price than"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:30.240",
    "end": "00:55:33.839",
    "text": "what it sits at today. Um, but all that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:32.640",
    "end": "00:55:36.000",
    "text": "being said, you know, with the Clarity"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:33.839",
    "end": "00:55:37.520",
    "text": "Act, you know, no one company is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:36.000",
    "end": "00:55:39.920",
    "text": "supposed to be able to control more than"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:37.520",
    "end": "00:55:41.599",
    "text": "20% of a total supply. I think that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:39.920",
    "end": "00:55:42.800",
    "text": "because they have, you know, they've"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:41.599",
    "end": "00:55:45.359",
    "text": "thought this through and they've got"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:42.800",
    "end": "00:55:48.319",
    "text": "over 50 wallets that the escrow uh is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:45.359",
    "end": "00:55:50.720",
    "text": "going to over time, they could easily"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:48.319",
    "end": "00:55:52.480",
    "text": "um, you know, transfer those wallets or"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:50.720",
    "end": "00:55:55.760",
    "text": "the keys to those wallets or access to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:52.480",
    "end": "00:55:58.480",
    "text": "those wallets to a larger body, the US"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:55.760",
    "end": "00:56:02.240",
    "text": "government. people that had, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:55:58.480",
    "end": "00:56:05.440",
    "text": "um, pre-negotiated options on certain"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:02.240",
    "end": "00:56:07.680",
    "text": "amounts of XRP could redeem that XRP as"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:05.440",
    "end": "00:56:10.559",
    "text": "it was released from X escrow over time"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:07.680",
    "end": "00:56:11.680",
    "text": "to those additional wallets. Um, there's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:10.559",
    "end": "00:56:13.200",
    "text": "lots of different ways that they could"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:11.680",
    "end": "00:56:15.599",
    "text": "orchestrate that in order to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:13.200",
    "end": "00:56:17.839",
    "text": "meet that, you know, regulation if it"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:15.599",
    "end": "00:56:20.079",
    "text": "were passed, which again, I'm still"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:17.839",
    "end": "00:56:21.680",
    "text": "skeptical on the Clarity Act. I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:20.079",
    "end": "00:56:23.760",
    "text": "love to see it happen just like"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:21.680",
    "end": "00:56:25.760",
    "text": "everybody else would. I was literally"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:23.760",
    "end": "00:56:27.599",
    "text": "advocating it for it last year on"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:25.760",
    "end": "00:56:28.960",
    "text": "Capitol Hill alongside the Genius Act"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:27.599",
    "end": "00:56:32.400",
    "text": "during the summer when we got the Genius"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:28.960",
    "end": "00:56:34.480",
    "text": "Act passed. Um, but with as long as it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:32.400",
    "end": "00:56:36.319",
    "text": "taken and them just now passing the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:34.480",
    "end": "00:56:38.559",
    "text": "markup, we're supposed to see it on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:36.319",
    "end": "00:56:41.119",
    "text": "Senate floor within the next 30 days."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:38.559",
    "end": "00:56:43.680",
    "text": "Uh, I'm hopeful that the Senate actually"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:41.119",
    "end": "00:56:45.200",
    "text": "passes that. Uh, but with the amount"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:43.680",
    "end": "00:56:47.119",
    "text": "that they struck out of the bill that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:45.200",
    "end": "00:56:48.400",
    "text": "the Democrats had put in there, I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:47.119",
    "end": "00:56:50.160",
    "text": "know that they're going to get the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:48.400",
    "end": "00:56:52.000",
    "text": "additional five to seven votes that they"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:50.160",
    "end": "00:56:53.680",
    "text": "need for that to actually be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:52.000",
    "end": "00:56:56.559",
    "text": "pass the Senate when they do put it up"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:53.680",
    "end": "00:56:58.160",
    "text": "for a vote. Um, if they do, it would"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:56.559",
    "end": "00:57:00.559",
    "text": "then have to go to the House. The House"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:56:58.160",
    "end": "00:57:02.400",
    "text": "is primarily Republican, so they should"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:00.559",
    "end": "00:57:03.760",
    "text": "be able to get it through there. Uh, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:02.400",
    "end": "00:57:05.280",
    "text": "then, you know, again, to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:03.760",
    "end": "00:57:07.680",
    "text": "president's desk in order to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:05.280",
    "end": "00:57:09.200",
    "text": "get him to sign that into law. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:07.680",
    "end": "00:57:11.520",
    "text": "ideally, you know, people are talking"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:09.200",
    "end": "00:57:14.480",
    "text": "about July 4th, that being passed."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:11.520",
    "end": "00:57:17.839",
    "text": "Again, would love to see it. I just I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:14.480",
    "end": "00:57:20.400",
    "text": "very skeptical that um that's going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:17.839",
    "end": "00:57:23.119",
    "text": "end up taking place here in 2026 with"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:20.400",
    "end": "00:57:25.280",
    "text": "midterms, the PACE Act, the Save Act,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:23.119",
    "end": "00:57:30.920",
    "text": "and other things kind of on the docket"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:25.280",
    "end": "00:57:30.920",
    "text": "for Congress's attention. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:31.280",
    "end": "00:57:37.440",
    "text": "I'm I am I'm still giving it about a 5%"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:34.640",
    "end": "00:57:41.119",
    "text": "chance that it passes. Uh, and again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:37.440",
    "end": "00:57:43.200",
    "text": "would love to see that 5% happen, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:41.119",
    "end": "00:57:44.640",
    "text": "not overly convinced that it's going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:43.200",
    "end": "00:57:46.720",
    "text": "be able to they're going to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:44.640",
    "end": "00:57:50.480",
    "text": "get it done."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:46.720",
    "end": "00:57:52.799",
    "text": "Um, every day Scout says, \"Amendment 77"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:50.480",
    "end": "00:57:56.079",
    "text": "in the Clarity Act. Let's talk about it."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:52.799",
    "end": "00:57:58.240",
    "text": "How does amendment 77 hurt XRP?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:56.079",
    "end": "00:58:01.400",
    "text": "Um, I don't know what that is. So, we're"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:57:58.240",
    "end": "00:58:01.400",
    "text": "gonna ask"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:01.599",
    "end": "00:58:05.720",
    "text": "77 and"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:08.319",
    "end": "00:58:14.480",
    "text": "um says proposed change submitted by"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:11.119",
    "end": "00:58:16.880",
    "text": "Elizabeth Warren, of course, um is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:14.480",
    "end": "00:58:18.799",
    "text": "primarily for the purpose to strike the"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:16.880",
    "end": "00:58:20.000",
    "text": "bill's grandfather clause, which was"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:18.799",
    "end": "00:58:22.240",
    "text": "originally designed to protect"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:20.000",
    "end": "00:58:24.319",
    "text": "established digital assets from being"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:22.240",
    "end": "00:58:25.760",
    "text": "retroactively classified as regulated"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:24.319",
    "end": "00:58:28.000",
    "text": "securities."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:25.760",
    "end": "00:58:30.720",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:28.000",
    "end": "00:58:34.000",
    "text": "clarity act causes"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:30.720",
    "end": "00:58:36.480",
    "text": "uh clause shields"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:34.000",
    "end": "00:58:38.799",
    "text": "uh that cloud shields existing digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:36.480",
    "end": "00:58:42.079",
    "text": "commodities from being unexpectedly"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:38.799",
    "end": "00:58:44.400",
    "text": "treated as securities. Uh, amendment 77"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:42.079",
    "end": "00:58:46.559",
    "text": "seeks to eliminate this protection which"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:44.400",
    "end": "00:58:48.799",
    "text": "would open up established tokens to"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:46.559",
    "end": "00:58:52.000",
    "text": "retroactive regulation."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:48.799",
    "end": "00:58:55.280",
    "text": "Um XRP obviously has that designation"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:52.000",
    "end": "00:58:57.680",
    "text": "from the CFTC and also from the case uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:55.280",
    "end": "00:58:59.680",
    "text": "with you know between the SEC and Ripple"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:57.680",
    "end": "00:59:03.040",
    "text": "when the judge decided that on you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:58:59.680",
    "end": "00:59:07.839",
    "text": "July 13th uh 2023 she ruled that XRP in"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:03.040",
    "end": "00:59:11.839",
    "text": "and of itself is not a security. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:07.839",
    "end": "00:59:16.720",
    "text": "so if it were to pass as it sits, that"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:11.839",
    "end": "00:59:20.240",
    "text": "would remove uh XRP's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:16.720",
    "end": "00:59:21.760",
    "text": "um, you know, for sure clarity at this"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:20.240",
    "end": "00:59:23.520",
    "text": "point."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:21.760",
    "end": "00:59:27.440",
    "text": "Again, I don't think it's going to get"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:23.520",
    "end": "00:59:29.599",
    "text": "passed. Just my two cents."
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:27.440",
    "end": "00:59:32.240",
    "text": "Uh, Joseph, good to see you. He says,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:29.599",
    "end": "00:59:35.520",
    "text": "\"Hey, Jake. Uh, there's a YouTuber who's"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:32.240",
    "end": "00:59:37.520",
    "text": "popular on the Beyond Mastermind. His"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:35.520",
    "end": "00:59:39.359",
    "text": "central thesis is that XRP price will be"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:37.520",
    "end": "00:59:41.440",
    "text": "set administratively by the BIS,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:39.359",
    "end": "00:59:43.119",
    "text": "governments, international banks. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:41.440",
    "end": "00:59:46.079",
    "text": "put your tinfold hat on for a minute. Is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:43.119",
    "end": "00:59:48.799",
    "text": "there a way this could be true? I mean,"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:46.079",
    "end": "00:59:50.559",
    "text": "sure, the BIS could come out and say"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:48.799",
    "end": "00:59:53.359",
    "text": "this is what the price of XRP is going"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:50.559",
    "end": "00:59:57.440",
    "text": "to be. But my whole premise behind why I"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:53.359",
    "end": "00:59:59.680",
    "text": "kind of disagree with that is"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:57.440",
    "end": "01:00:01.200",
    "text": "you need flexibility in the price. you"
  },
  {
    "start": "00:59:59.680",
    "end": "01:00:03.760",
    "text": "need it to be dynamic in order to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:01.200",
    "end": "01:00:05.760",
    "text": "continue to absorb liquidity and and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:03.760",
    "end": "01:00:07.200",
    "text": "change in value as more volume moves"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:05.760",
    "end": "01:00:10.160",
    "text": "onto the network. And if you have a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:07.200",
    "end": "01:00:12.240",
    "text": "fixed value or price for it, it it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:10.160",
    "end": "01:00:16.160",
    "text": "really truncates its ability to do that."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:12.240",
    "end": "01:00:19.280",
    "text": "It becomes inflexible or rigid. Um, so"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:16.160",
    "end": "01:00:21.440",
    "text": "for me, you know, my theory, and we all"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:19.280",
    "end": "01:00:24.000",
    "text": "want the same thing, by the way, I'd be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:21.440",
    "end": "01:00:25.920",
    "text": "happy either direction, just so that I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:24.000",
    "end": "01:00:28.720",
    "text": "clear on that. I'm not saying anybody's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:25.920",
    "end": "01:00:30.799",
    "text": "wrong here. I have my thesis. I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:28.720",
    "end": "01:00:33.280",
    "text": "other people have their thesis. We get"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:30.799",
    "end": "01:00:35.920",
    "text": "to the same end goal, which we all know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:33.280",
    "end": "01:00:37.760",
    "text": "is going to happen. So again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:35.920",
    "end": "01:00:39.280",
    "text": "non-financial advice, do your own"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:37.760",
    "end": "01:00:41.440",
    "text": "research. Can't tell you what the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:39.280",
    "end": "01:00:43.520",
    "text": "future's going to hold. Previous returns"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:41.440",
    "end": "01:00:47.280",
    "text": "aren't indicative of future performance."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:43.520",
    "end": "01:00:49.040",
    "text": "All the disclaimers there. Um, but you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:47.280",
    "end": "01:00:50.640",
    "text": "know, that being said, the BIS could"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:49.040",
    "end": "01:00:52.559",
    "text": "could come out and say, \"Hey, XRP is"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:50.640",
    "end": "01:00:55.839",
    "text": "2,000 bucks.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:52.559",
    "end": "01:00:57.440",
    "text": "Um, and you know, Ripple could give them"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:55.839",
    "end": "01:00:59.440",
    "text": "a large portion of the supply through"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:57.440",
    "end": "01:01:01.520",
    "text": "force majour. Uh, or again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:00:59.440",
    "end": "01:01:04.160",
    "text": "pre-negotiated options or contracts on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:01.520",
    "end": "01:01:06.640",
    "text": "the XRP that they set up with 1,700 NDAs"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:04.160",
    "end": "01:01:08.240",
    "text": "that they have. Um, and then they tell"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:06.640",
    "end": "01:01:11.440",
    "text": "the banks what it's worth and that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:08.240",
    "end": "01:01:14.000",
    "text": "where they set it on the balance sheet."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:11.440",
    "end": "01:01:16.000",
    "text": "For me, like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:14.000",
    "end": "01:01:19.119",
    "text": "it. So, if you read the white paper that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:16.000",
    "end": "01:01:22.160",
    "text": "the IMF wrote back in 2014 where they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:19.119",
    "end": "01:01:24.160",
    "text": "talked about an exchange rate peg, that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:22.160",
    "end": "01:01:27.280",
    "text": "asset has to be flexible. It can't be a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:24.160",
    "end": "01:01:29.599",
    "text": "fixed denominated amount. Um, and so"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:27.280",
    "end": "01:01:32.079",
    "text": "that's where, you know, I kind of differ"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:29.599",
    "end": "01:01:34.640",
    "text": "on that. Again, it's kind of logistics"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:32.079",
    "end": "01:01:37.040",
    "text": "on how we get there. I don't really care"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:34.640",
    "end": "01:01:38.640",
    "text": "who's right at the end of the day. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:37.040",
    "end": "01:01:42.000",
    "text": "we know where it's going and how it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:38.640",
    "end": "01:01:43.440",
    "text": "going to be used. Uh, but my tenfold hat"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:42.000",
    "end": "01:01:45.680",
    "text": "says that, you know, Black Rockck's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:43.440",
    "end": "01:01:47.599",
    "text": "going to launch their ETF. Exchanges are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:45.680",
    "end": "01:01:50.000",
    "text": "going to go illquid. Markets are going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:47.599",
    "end": "01:01:52.880",
    "text": "to go illquid. You're going to see a ton"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:50.000",
    "end": "01:01:54.960",
    "text": "of liquidity rotate into XRP. Huge"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:52.880",
    "end": "01:01:56.480",
    "text": "amounts of demand on the exchanges,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:54.960",
    "end": "01:01:58.400",
    "text": "pushing the price to where it needs to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:56.480",
    "end": "01:01:59.920",
    "text": "be for them to start using it at scale"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:58.400",
    "end": "01:02:01.839",
    "text": "to be able to settle the back into"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:01:59.920",
    "end": "01:02:03.599",
    "text": "markets. That additional volume is going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:01.839",
    "end": "01:02:06.079",
    "text": "to continue to drive price after a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:03.599",
    "end": "01:02:07.920",
    "text": "certain point. Um, and it doesn't need"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:06.079",
    "end": "01:02:09.280",
    "text": "to be reset administratively in order to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:07.920",
    "end": "01:02:11.200",
    "text": "be able to accomplish the goal and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:09.280",
    "end": "01:02:14.640",
    "text": "maintain flexibility as markets continue"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:11.200",
    "end": "01:02:18.160",
    "text": "to grow uh over time."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:14.640",
    "end": "01:02:19.760",
    "text": "Again, that's just my thesis, but uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:18.160",
    "end": "01:02:21.920",
    "text": "you know, people are going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:19.760",
    "end": "01:02:23.440",
    "text": "pontificate on different outcomes and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:21.920",
    "end": "01:02:25.119",
    "text": "how it how it could be how it could"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:23.440",
    "end": "01:02:26.319",
    "text": "happen. Uh, and I'm glad that there's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:25.119",
    "end": "01:02:28.079",
    "text": "other people out there talking about"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:26.319",
    "end": "01:02:31.200",
    "text": "significantly higher prices for XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:28.079",
    "end": "01:02:32.480",
    "text": "outside myself. So, uh, glad to have you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:31.200",
    "end": "01:02:33.760",
    "text": "in the mastermind. If you want to join"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:32.480",
    "end": "01:02:35.280",
    "text": "the mastermind and you're watching this,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:33.760",
    "end": "01:02:36.720",
    "text": "we would love to have you in there. All"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:35.280",
    "end": "01:02:38.720",
    "text": "you got to do is go to beyondbroke.com"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:36.720",
    "end": "01:02:41.040",
    "text": "and use the code beyondbroke all"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:38.720",
    "end": "01:02:42.960",
    "text": "capitalized the number one and then m o"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:41.040",
    "end": "01:02:45.839",
    "text": "like Mary Oscar gets you the first month"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:42.960",
    "end": "01:02:47.839",
    "text": "for two bucks uh there in carbon one or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:45.839",
    "end": "01:02:51.520",
    "text": "social. Try it out monthto monthth no"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:47.839",
    "end": "01:02:55.599",
    "text": "contract. Um close to 17,000 people"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:51.520",
    "end": "01:02:57.920",
    "text": "there in the mastermind and um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:55.599",
    "end": "01:03:01.440",
    "text": "again I I'm very proud of the culture"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:02:57.920",
    "end": "01:03:03.520",
    "text": "that we have there. um very biased um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:01.440",
    "end": "01:03:05.040",
    "text": "but we do more in real life events than"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:03.520",
    "end": "01:03:06.720",
    "text": "any other community. We're run private"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:05.040",
    "end": "01:03:08.640",
    "text": "deals. We do financial education,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:06.720",
    "end": "01:03:10.319",
    "text": "provide business resources. We have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:08.640",
    "end": "01:03:12.640",
    "text": "unique speakers come in there and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:10.319",
    "end": "01:03:14.559",
    "text": "provide education on different topics."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:12.640",
    "end": "01:03:18.720",
    "text": "Um you know, business credit, personal"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:14.559",
    "end": "01:03:22.720",
    "text": "credit, uh M&A, um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:18.720",
    "end": "01:03:24.799",
    "text": "insurance, estate planning, taxes, uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:22.720",
    "end": "01:03:25.920",
    "text": "all of the like, you know, uh we want to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:24.799",
    "end": "01:03:28.000",
    "text": "make sure that people have access to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:25.920",
    "end": "01:03:29.440",
    "text": "really good resources. So, if any of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:28.000",
    "end": "01:03:30.720",
    "text": "that sounds cool to you and you want to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:29.440",
    "end": "01:03:32.880",
    "text": "try it out, we would love to have you in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:30.720",
    "end": "01:03:34.640",
    "text": "there. Again, beyondbroke.com and use"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:32.880",
    "end": "01:03:36.960",
    "text": "the code beyondbroke all capitalized"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:34.640",
    "end": "01:03:40.079",
    "text": "number one and then M O like Mary Oscar"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:36.960",
    "end": "01:03:42.799",
    "text": "gets you the first month for two bucks."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:40.079",
    "end": "01:03:45.920",
    "text": "589 on the super chat. Uh he says,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:42.799",
    "end": "01:03:50.000",
    "text": "\"Legend. Uh when are we getting Dodge"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:45.920",
    "end": "01:03:53.359",
    "text": "Vipers? I want to drop the clutch on uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:50.000",
    "end": "01:03:55.760",
    "text": "my ex's driveway. Uh why is the OC"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:53.359",
    "end": "01:03:59.760",
    "text": "guidance taking so long? Uh I need a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:55.760",
    "end": "01:04:02.960",
    "text": "jet. Uh, awesome"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:03:59.760",
    "end": "01:04:05.520",
    "text": "telling me, dude. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:02.960",
    "end": "01:04:08.160",
    "text": "I mean, so the OC can bring their"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:05.520",
    "end": "01:04:11.599",
    "text": "guidance to market anytime before July"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:08.160",
    "end": "01:04:16.400",
    "text": "18th, uh, is the deadline for that. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:11.599",
    "end": "01:04:17.920",
    "text": "again, with, um, the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:16.400",
    "end": "01:04:20.559",
    "text": "Japan coming out about the regulation"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:17.920",
    "end": "01:04:23.119",
    "text": "for stable coins on June 1st, maybe"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:20.559",
    "end": "01:04:25.359",
    "text": "that's a tell on on time frames for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:23.119",
    "end": "01:04:28.000",
    "text": "things. Uh again with the tokenization"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:25.359",
    "end": "01:04:30.319",
    "text": "of the stock market in July being rolled"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:28.000",
    "end": "01:04:34.720",
    "text": "out in Q3 and then you know kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:30.319",
    "end": "01:04:36.559",
    "text": "upped there in Q4. Uh I think that um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:34.720",
    "end": "01:04:39.359",
    "text": "you know we need a significantly higher"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:36.559",
    "end": "01:04:41.280",
    "text": "price for XRP and back in settlement of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:39.359",
    "end": "01:04:44.079",
    "text": "the stock market for the DTCC and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:41.280",
    "end": "01:04:47.760",
    "text": "project ion prior to the tokenization of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:44.079",
    "end": "01:04:50.000",
    "text": "the stock market. Um, so again, I've"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:47.760",
    "end": "01:04:53.280",
    "text": "said this multiple times here on on this"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:50.000",
    "end": "01:04:55.839",
    "text": "channel, but uh watching May, June, July"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:53.280",
    "end": "01:04:57.599",
    "text": "pretty closely to see what all is going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:55.839",
    "end": "01:04:59.920",
    "text": "to play out. I don't think Japan can"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:57.599",
    "end": "01:05:03.119",
    "text": "kick the can further down the road uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:04:59.920",
    "end": "01:05:05.200",
    "text": "than July of this year."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:03.119",
    "end": "01:05:07.200",
    "text": "Uh the nail pounder, the old nail"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:05.200",
    "end": "01:05:10.240",
    "text": "pounder, excuse me, he says, \"Uh JC the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:07.200",
    "end": "01:05:12.079",
    "text": "legend and tea queen. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:10.240",
    "end": "01:05:13.839",
    "text": "appreciate you, dude. Can you give us"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:12.079",
    "end": "01:05:17.359",
    "text": "the lowdown on H bar? God bless the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:13.839",
    "end": "01:05:19.280",
    "text": "Claver family and DAG family. Uh looking"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:17.359",
    "end": "01:05:21.920",
    "text": "thanks for looking out for us, the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:19.280",
    "end": "01:05:23.599",
    "text": "little guy. Um thank you, dude."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:21.920",
    "end": "01:05:27.200",
    "text": "Appreciate the the kind words and the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:23.599",
    "end": "01:05:29.760",
    "text": "support. Um as far as H bar goes, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:27.200",
    "end": "01:05:32.799",
    "text": "know, that's it's in my top three. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:29.760",
    "end": "01:05:35.760",
    "text": "XRP, HAR, and Hash are kind of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:32.799",
    "end": "01:05:37.599",
    "text": "things that uh I personally, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:35.760",
    "end": "01:05:41.599",
    "text": "think are going to do the best over the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:37.599",
    "end": "01:05:44.000",
    "text": "coming decade. Um again, could be wrong"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:41.599",
    "end": "01:05:46.640",
    "text": "there. non-financial advice. Do your own"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:44.000",
    "end": "01:05:48.880",
    "text": "research. I'll speak to HAR and what I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:46.640",
    "end": "01:05:51.520",
    "text": "think it's going to be used for and why."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:48.880",
    "end": "01:05:53.680",
    "text": "So, the the council that Hideera has has"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:51.520",
    "end": "01:05:56.960",
    "text": "39 seats on it. Each one of those seats"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:53.680",
    "end": "01:05:58.799",
    "text": "can uh has to rotate every six years. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:56.960",
    "end": "01:06:01.599",
    "text": "they have many large corporations and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:05:58.799",
    "end": "01:06:06.000",
    "text": "entities uh in those seats currently."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:01.599",
    "end": "01:06:08.640",
    "text": "Got Google, IBM, Boeing, Dell um and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:06.000",
    "end": "01:06:11.359",
    "text": "multiple banks uh on that you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:08.640",
    "end": "01:06:12.400",
    "text": "governance council. Um, so I don't know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:11.359",
    "end": "01:06:13.839",
    "text": "why they would be on the governance"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:12.400",
    "end": "01:06:16.559",
    "text": "council unless they were actually going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:13.839",
    "end": "01:06:18.480",
    "text": "to use the technology. Uh, HBAR is also"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:16.559",
    "end": "01:06:22.720",
    "text": "here in my backyard up in Plano in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:18.480",
    "end": "01:06:24.720",
    "text": "Texas. So the Hideera Foundation uh, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:22.720",
    "end": "01:06:27.520",
    "text": "their their corporation is is located"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:24.720",
    "end": "01:06:30.000",
    "text": "here. Um, so again, take it with a grain"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:27.520",
    "end": "01:06:33.440",
    "text": "of salt. I'm biased. You know, they are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:30.000",
    "end": "01:06:35.440",
    "text": "a Texas company. Um I think that the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:33.440",
    "end": "01:06:37.200",
    "text": "majority of DAPs in the future or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:35.440",
    "end": "01:06:39.599",
    "text": "decentralized applications will be built"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:37.200",
    "end": "01:06:42.319",
    "text": "out on HAR. Digital identity around"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:39.599",
    "end": "01:06:45.440",
    "text": "HIPPA compliance for health records uh I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:42.319",
    "end": "01:06:48.559",
    "text": "think is a huge you know market for HAR."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:45.440",
    "end": "01:06:51.280",
    "text": "Um you know a lot of proprietary data"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:48.559",
    "end": "01:06:53.359",
    "text": "and security around data uh I think is"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:51.280",
    "end": "01:06:56.880",
    "text": "what HAR is really good at and will be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:53.359",
    "end": "01:06:58.319",
    "text": "used for. The fees on uh HAR's network"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:56.880",
    "end": "01:07:01.839",
    "text": "are fixed and they're dollar"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:06:58.319",
    "end": "01:07:04.000",
    "text": "denominated. Uh so obviously a US-based"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:01.839",
    "end": "01:07:06.240",
    "text": "uh cryptocurrency uh and would also"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:04.000",
    "end": "01:07:10.559",
    "text": "benefit from you know Trump coming out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:06.240",
    "end": "01:07:13.520",
    "text": "with no capital gains tax on um you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:10.559",
    "end": "01:07:16.559",
    "text": "domestic cryptos uh or companies that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:13.520",
    "end": "01:07:18.960",
    "text": "are you know created cryptos for things"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:16.559",
    "end": "01:07:21.680",
    "text": "here in the US. Um they have their"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:18.960",
    "end": "01:07:23.760",
    "text": "stable coin factory. Uh they now have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:21.680",
    "end": "01:07:26.079",
    "text": "like an atomic swap mechanism that they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:23.760",
    "end": "01:07:29.200",
    "text": "rolled out at Hideeracon."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:26.079",
    "end": "01:07:30.960",
    "text": "um just a lot of fantastic technology"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:29.200",
    "end": "01:07:33.039",
    "text": "built into that network and it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:30.960",
    "end": "01:07:36.400",
    "text": "hashgraph. It's not blockchain. It's a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:33.039",
    "end": "01:07:38.240",
    "text": "different uh asyclic graph."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:36.400",
    "end": "01:07:40.640",
    "text": "Um it's not as it's actually a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:38.240",
    "end": "01:07:43.680",
    "text": "hashgraph. Um it's completely different"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:40.640",
    "end": "01:07:44.960",
    "text": "than an asyclic graph or um a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:43.680",
    "end": "01:07:46.960",
    "text": "traditional blockchain and that's why"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:44.960",
    "end": "01:07:49.920",
    "text": "it's more secure. It has higher has high"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:46.960",
    "end": "01:07:53.359",
    "text": "throughput similar to XRP. Um it can"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:49.920",
    "end": "01:07:55.039",
    "text": "facilitate payments. Um, but I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:53.359",
    "end": "01:07:57.520",
    "text": "it's going to be primarily used to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:55.039",
    "end": "01:07:59.839",
    "text": "able to facilitate secure data transfer"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:57.520",
    "end": "01:08:01.760",
    "text": "between counterparties."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:07:59.839",
    "end": "01:08:02.960",
    "text": "So, I've got multiple videos on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:01.760",
    "end": "01:08:04.480",
    "text": "channel. Uh, if you want to go check"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:02.960",
    "end": "01:08:07.599",
    "text": "those out, I would encourage you to do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:04.480",
    "end": "01:08:09.200",
    "text": "so. Again, big fan of HAR"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:07.599",
    "end": "01:08:12.480",
    "text": "uh, and do think that we'll see high"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:09.200",
    "end": "01:08:15.760",
    "text": "prices over the coming decade."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:12.480",
    "end": "01:08:18.560",
    "text": "Um, this person says, \"We are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:15.760",
    "end": "01:08:21.279",
    "text": "disobedient claites uh in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:18.560",
    "end": "01:08:23.520",
    "text": "wilderness, bare market, uh, ignoring"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:21.279",
    "end": "01:08:27.960",
    "text": "stone tablets, the domino theory, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:23.520",
    "end": "01:08:27.960",
    "text": "worshiping the golden calf meme coins."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:28.000",
    "end": "01:08:33.759",
    "text": "Appreciate the uh the super chat and the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:30.640",
    "end": "01:08:36.319",
    "text": "laugh.\" Um, they say, this one's uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:33.759",
    "end": "01:08:40.400",
    "text": "Tokyo City. Uh, they say, \"What's your"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:36.319",
    "end": "01:08:42.239",
    "text": "take on the new Drake albums?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:40.400",
    "end": "01:08:43.839",
    "text": "You know what? Candidly, I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:42.239",
    "end": "01:08:45.759",
    "text": "remember the last time I listened to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:43.839",
    "end": "01:08:49.279",
    "text": "radio."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:45.759",
    "end": "01:08:51.199",
    "text": "Um, if I'm driving, uh, I listen to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:49.279",
    "end": "01:08:56.239",
    "text": "house music,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:51.199",
    "end": "01:08:59.120",
    "text": "uh, or, uh, audio books or,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:56.239",
    "end": "01:09:01.520",
    "text": "um, other YouTube channels to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:08:59.120",
    "end": "01:09:03.679",
    "text": "look through, you know, the macro and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:01.520",
    "end": "01:09:08.440",
    "text": "other people's opinions on things or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:03.679",
    "end": "01:09:08.440",
    "text": "financial education. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:08.480",
    "end": "01:09:12.400",
    "text": "I listened to Drake's first album when"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:10.480",
    "end": "01:09:15.279",
    "text": "it came out when I was in high school,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:12.400",
    "end": "01:09:18.000",
    "text": "long time ago. Uh, so I couldn't tell"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:15.279",
    "end": "01:09:21.279",
    "text": "you. I don't know what songs are on it."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:18.000",
    "end": "01:09:23.520",
    "text": "Um, I'm not cool anymore. Pop culture"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:21.279",
    "end": "01:09:25.759",
    "text": "and all of that. Like I don't I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:23.520",
    "end": "01:09:29.440",
    "text": "watch the Kardashians or or any of that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:25.759",
    "end": "01:09:33.759",
    "text": "stuff. Um, you know, Jersey Shore was"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:29.440",
    "end": "01:09:37.440",
    "text": "kind of, you know, the last, uh, reality"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:33.759",
    "end": "01:09:40.319",
    "text": "TV that I ever watched. Um, that was a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:37.440",
    "end": "01:09:43.520",
    "text": "long time ago, right? So, I'm probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:40.319",
    "end": "01:09:44.799",
    "text": "not the person to ask about that stuff."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:43.520",
    "end": "01:09:46.719",
    "text": "Uh, this person says, \"Jake with the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:44.799",
    "end": "01:09:48.080",
    "text": "house music.\" Look, like I was, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:46.719",
    "end": "01:09:51.679",
    "text": "know, in Texas, we're big into our"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:48.080",
    "end": "01:09:53.040",
    "text": "country, red dirt, you know, music. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:51.679",
    "end": "01:09:57.120",
    "text": "and it's not that I have a problem with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:53.040",
    "end": "01:09:58.960",
    "text": "country or red dirt. Um but the the like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:57.120",
    "end": "01:10:01.199",
    "text": "some of the stigma about country is"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:09:58.960",
    "end": "01:10:06.080",
    "text": "true. Uh a lot of it is kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:01.199",
    "end": "01:10:10.400",
    "text": "heartbreak um you know kind of woe is me"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:06.080",
    "end": "01:10:12.640",
    "text": "type music and I try to stay upbeat on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:10.400",
    "end": "01:10:15.600",
    "text": "on stuff and sometimes I just don't want"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:12.640",
    "end": "01:10:18.320",
    "text": "any lyrics and I just want you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:15.600",
    "end": "01:10:20.400",
    "text": "something to occupy the background noise"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:18.320",
    "end": "01:10:23.360",
    "text": "while I'm thinking about things. Uh so"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:20.400",
    "end": "01:10:25.679",
    "text": "that's what I use house music for. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:23.360",
    "end": "01:10:27.120",
    "text": "anyway, love it or hate it, I know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:25.679",
    "end": "01:10:28.960",
    "text": "there's a lot of different opinions"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:27.120",
    "end": "01:10:30.640",
    "text": "about that out there, and I'm sure my ta"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:28.960",
    "end": "01:10:33.360",
    "text": "my taste will continue to change as I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:30.640",
    "end": "01:10:34.960",
    "text": "get older. That's just, you know, my"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:33.360",
    "end": "01:10:37.840",
    "text": "current situation and things that I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:34.960",
    "end": "01:10:43.440",
    "text": "listen to when I'm driving or traveling."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:37.840",
    "end": "01:10:45.440",
    "text": "Um, Big J K589 says, \"When 65 and 66 go"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:43.440",
    "end": "01:10:48.320",
    "text": "live, does Ripple change their escrow"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:45.440",
    "end": "01:10:52.159",
    "text": "release to fund liquidity pools? Perhaps"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:48.320",
    "end": "01:10:55.840",
    "text": "that XRP is owned by parties under NDA.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:52.159",
    "end": "01:10:58.159",
    "text": "uh issued stables. So, they cannot"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:55.840",
    "end": "01:11:01.199",
    "text": "change the escrow release. It's always"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:10:58.159",
    "end": "01:11:04.000",
    "text": "going to be a billion a month um on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:01.199",
    "end": "01:11:05.199",
    "text": "whatever time frames they've set out. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:04.000",
    "end": "01:11:07.199",
    "text": "there are some people out there that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:05.199",
    "end": "01:11:08.480",
    "text": "have talked about, you know, the escrow"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:07.199",
    "end": "01:11:10.320",
    "text": "being released around other"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:08.480",
    "end": "01:11:12.480",
    "text": "considerations."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:10.320",
    "end": "01:11:14.880",
    "text": "I don't know how you do that. Again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:12.480",
    "end": "01:11:19.360",
    "text": "I've used the XRP toolkit to escrow my"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:14.880",
    "end": "01:11:21.440",
    "text": "own XRP or at least a portion of it. And"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:19.360",
    "end": "01:11:22.800",
    "text": "I I don't know that there I I don't have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:21.440",
    "end": "01:11:25.280",
    "text": "another way to do it outside of a time"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:22.800",
    "end": "01:11:26.560",
    "text": "lock. Um and so you escrow it and it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:25.280",
    "end": "01:11:28.159",
    "text": "goes back to whatever wallet you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:26.560",
    "end": "01:11:31.360",
    "text": "designate. So it could be your wallet"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:28.159",
    "end": "01:11:35.040",
    "text": "that you escroed from or another wallet"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:31.360",
    "end": "01:11:36.320",
    "text": "that you're escrowing to. Um, if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:35.040",
    "end": "01:11:38.080",
    "text": "doomed to it and it's the first time"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:36.320",
    "end": "01:11:40.800",
    "text": "that you're messing with it, you know, I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:38.080",
    "end": "01:11:42.480",
    "text": "would I would do it for a 24-hour lock,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:40.800",
    "end": "01:11:44.000",
    "text": "um, or a little bit less than that and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:42.480",
    "end": "01:11:46.080",
    "text": "make it go back to the same wallet that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:44.000",
    "end": "01:11:47.679",
    "text": "you sent it from. Um, and go through an"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:46.080",
    "end": "01:11:49.120",
    "text": "escro release just to be able to trial"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:47.679",
    "end": "01:11:50.800",
    "text": "it and test it out so you're comfortable"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:49.120",
    "end": "01:11:52.480",
    "text": "with it. Again, not making"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:50.800",
    "end": "01:11:54.960",
    "text": "recommendations that anybody do any of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:52.480",
    "end": "01:11:56.560",
    "text": "this stuff."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:54.960",
    "end": "01:11:57.840",
    "text": "Just there there's tools at your"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:56.560",
    "end": "01:12:02.000",
    "text": "disposal if you want to go learn about"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:11:57.840",
    "end": "01:12:05.360",
    "text": "them and use them. Um but as far as 65"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:02.000",
    "end": "01:12:08.320",
    "text": "and 66 liquidity pools and borrow lend"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:05.360",
    "end": "01:12:10.239",
    "text": "um once they're native on chain you know"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:08.320",
    "end": "01:12:12.800",
    "text": "uh are going to be huge assets to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:10.239",
    "end": "01:12:14.719",
    "text": "XRPL and I think will be used at scale"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:12.800",
    "end": "01:12:18.400",
    "text": "Ripple will use it with the XRP that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:14.719",
    "end": "01:12:20.080",
    "text": "they have ever many others um to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:18.400",
    "end": "01:12:21.280",
    "text": "to generate returns. I don't think it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:20.080",
    "end": "01:12:24.159",
    "text": "going to work the way that people think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:21.280",
    "end": "01:12:25.679",
    "text": "it's going to work. Uh so there's, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:24.159",
    "end": "01:12:27.920",
    "text": "know, likely going to be some type of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:25.679",
    "end": "01:12:29.679",
    "text": "administrator on those pools that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:27.920",
    "end": "01:12:32.560",
    "text": "underwrites the risk on how things are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:29.679",
    "end": "01:12:35.040",
    "text": "being loaned. Uh probably, you know, an"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:32.560",
    "end": "01:12:37.920",
    "text": "arbiter or attorney or something that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:35.040",
    "end": "01:12:41.040",
    "text": "put in place to be able to uh navigate,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:37.920",
    "end": "01:12:42.560",
    "text": "you know, discrepancies or uh when"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:41.040",
    "end": "01:12:44.320",
    "text": "people are mad at one another because"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:42.560",
    "end": "01:12:45.920",
    "text": "somebody didn't make a payment or or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:44.320",
    "end": "01:12:48.239",
    "text": "something happens."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:45.920",
    "end": "01:12:50.719",
    "text": "um it's not just going to be, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:48.239",
    "end": "01:12:52.560",
    "text": "a totally onchain application where"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:50.719",
    "end": "01:12:55.520",
    "text": "there's no"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:52.560",
    "end": "01:12:57.440",
    "text": "um off-chain activity. Uh otherwise, the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:55.520",
    "end": "01:12:59.360",
    "text": "banks are going to adopt those to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:57.440",
    "end": "01:13:00.800",
    "text": "able to facilitate business at scale the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:12:59.360",
    "end": "01:13:02.880",
    "text": "way that they do. Over time, I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:00.800",
    "end": "01:13:04.239",
    "text": "that that stuff will move on chain. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:02.880",
    "end": "01:13:06.560",
    "text": "but in the beginning, a lot of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:04.239",
    "end": "01:13:08.320",
    "text": "underwriting and risk and other stuff,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:06.560",
    "end": "01:13:10.560",
    "text": "it's just going to be the transactions"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:08.320",
    "end": "01:13:12.400",
    "text": "that are happening on the blockchain."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:10.560",
    "end": "01:13:14.560",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:12.400",
    "end": "01:13:16.159",
    "text": "but yeah, Ripple can't change the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:14.560",
    "end": "01:13:19.120",
    "text": "cadence of the escrow even if they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:16.159",
    "end": "01:13:21.760",
    "text": "wanted to. Uh, unless they're doing it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:19.120",
    "end": "01:13:23.600",
    "text": "on each of the new escros that they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:21.760",
    "end": "01:13:25.360",
    "text": "relocking, which again, it's a public"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:23.600",
    "end": "01:13:28.239",
    "text": "blockchain. You can go look those up if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:25.360",
    "end": "01:13:31.840",
    "text": "you want to."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:28.239",
    "end": "01:13:33.920",
    "text": "Um, Michael Apollo Jets, hey dude. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:31.840",
    "end": "01:13:36.080",
    "text": "he says, uh, big Jake love the t-shirt."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:33.920",
    "end": "01:13:38.480",
    "text": "Uh, Mike here. Have you heard anything"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:36.080",
    "end": "01:13:41.199",
    "text": "about Goldman selling out of the 153"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:38.480",
    "end": "01:13:43.600",
    "text": "million XRP ETF position? Uh, I've been"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:41.199",
    "end": "01:13:46.080",
    "text": "seeing it on social media. Japan is a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:43.600",
    "end": "01:13:48.560",
    "text": "powder keg waiting to happen. Uh, I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:46.080",
    "end": "01:13:50.480",
    "text": "agree on the Japan part. Uh, it does"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:48.560",
    "end": "01:13:52.719",
    "text": "look like Goldman and City both exited"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:50.480",
    "end": "01:13:54.880",
    "text": "their positions on the XRP ETFs when we"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:52.719",
    "end": "01:13:58.159",
    "text": "got the markup passed through the, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:54.880",
    "end": "01:13:59.760",
    "text": "know, for the Clarity Act. Um, look,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:58.159",
    "end": "01:14:01.040",
    "text": "their fiduciaries, if they see an"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:13:59.760",
    "end": "01:14:02.320",
    "text": "opportunity in the market and they feel"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:01.040",
    "end": "01:14:04.320",
    "text": "like, you know, they can buy back"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:02.320",
    "end": "01:14:06.320",
    "text": "cheaper later, they're probably going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:04.320",
    "end": "01:14:08.719",
    "text": "take some profits, if not all of their"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:06.320",
    "end": "01:14:11.600",
    "text": "profits, uh, when it's advantageous to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:08.719",
    "end": "01:14:12.800",
    "text": "do so. So, it doesn't mean that they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:11.600",
    "end": "01:14:14.320",
    "text": "out of the market. It doesn't mean that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:12.800",
    "end": "01:14:16.480",
    "text": "they don't have XRP on their balance"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:14.320",
    "end": "01:14:18.080",
    "text": "sheet or an option contract with Ripple"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:16.480",
    "end": "01:14:21.360",
    "text": "or some other counterparty to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:18.080",
    "end": "01:14:24.800",
    "text": "hold XRP directly. Um, but for them to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:21.360",
    "end": "01:14:28.800",
    "text": "sell that ETF into that buy pressure"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:24.800",
    "end": "01:14:30.640",
    "text": "that we saw doesn't surprise me. Again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:28.800",
    "end": "01:14:33.600",
    "text": "they are opportunistic and there to make"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:30.640",
    "end": "01:14:35.199",
    "text": "money. And if they felt like they could"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:33.600",
    "end": "01:14:37.040",
    "text": "continue to average into the market for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:35.199",
    "end": "01:14:38.320",
    "text": "some duration of time and buy back at"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:37.040",
    "end": "01:14:43.880",
    "text": "cheaper prices than what they were"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:38.320",
    "end": "01:14:43.880",
    "text": "selling, that that's how you make money,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:44.480",
    "end": "01:14:49.520",
    "text": "at least for them."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:47.280",
    "end": "01:14:51.760",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:49.520",
    "end": "01:14:53.120",
    "text": "this person says, \"Hey, Jake. Uh, do you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:51.760",
    "end": "01:14:54.719",
    "text": "think the reverse carrier trade issue"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:53.120",
    "end": "01:14:57.440",
    "text": "will cause the crypto market to crash?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:54.719",
    "end": "01:15:01.120",
    "text": "Love all you do. God bless you. Inspire"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:14:57.440",
    "end": "01:15:03.120",
    "text": "me to get XRP.\" Um, awesome, dude. See,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:01.120",
    "end": "01:15:07.760",
    "text": "that's cool. Appreciate the kind words"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:03.120",
    "end": "01:15:09.120",
    "text": "and the support. Um, I I do I think that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:07.760",
    "end": "01:15:12.239",
    "text": "there's actually going to be a huge"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:09.120",
    "end": "01:15:16.080",
    "text": "consolidation of crypto when the reverse"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:12.239",
    "end": "01:15:17.360",
    "text": "carry trade unwinds. And uh I think that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:16.080",
    "end": "01:15:19.280",
    "text": "you know there's going to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:17.360",
    "end": "01:15:21.120",
    "text": "implications for Tether. I think many"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:19.280",
    "end": "01:15:23.120",
    "text": "things will go down substantially in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:21.120",
    "end": "01:15:25.679",
    "text": "value during that period. I don't think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:23.120",
    "end": "01:15:26.880",
    "text": "you're going to be able to transact."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:25.679",
    "end": "01:15:28.560",
    "text": "Uh I know a lot of people are looking"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:26.880",
    "end": "01:15:30.560",
    "text": "for lower prices to be able to enter the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:28.560",
    "end": "01:15:32.640",
    "text": "market and get things you know from a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:30.560",
    "end": "01:15:35.679",
    "text": "couple years ago or try to get XRP at 50"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:32.640",
    "end": "01:15:38.239",
    "text": "cents or 40 cents or you know get get as"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:35.679",
    "end": "01:15:40.400",
    "text": "much as they can."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:38.239",
    "end": "01:15:42.080",
    "text": "I understand that, especially, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:40.400",
    "end": "01:15:43.440",
    "text": "if you weren't around during the lawsuit"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:42.080",
    "end": "01:15:47.120",
    "text": "and you're just now showing up in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:43.440",
    "end": "01:15:50.159",
    "text": "last year or so. Um, I get that. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:47.120",
    "end": "01:15:53.760",
    "text": "really do. My my what I would say there"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:50.159",
    "end": "01:15:55.520",
    "text": "is in a liquidity crisis, exchanges are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:53.760",
    "end": "01:15:57.280",
    "text": "going to go down. Um, they're going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:55.520",
    "end": "01:15:59.440",
    "text": "get consolidated. I think institutions"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:57.280",
    "end": "01:16:01.679",
    "text": "are going to be ready there to swoop in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:15:59.440",
    "end": "01:16:04.080",
    "text": "and bail them out and buy them up at,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:01.679",
    "end": "01:16:05.840",
    "text": "you know, pennies on the dollar. Um, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:04.080",
    "end": "01:16:06.960",
    "text": "likely during that duration of time, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:05.840",
    "end": "01:16:09.600",
    "text": "won't be able to trade. you won't be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:06.960",
    "end": "01:16:11.280",
    "text": "able to do anything. Um, your XRP may be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:09.600",
    "end": "01:16:15.520",
    "text": "locked on that platform for some period"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:11.280",
    "end": "01:16:18.719",
    "text": "of time. Um, again, exchanges are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:15.520",
    "end": "01:16:20.400",
    "text": "probably not where you should be holding"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:18.719",
    "end": "01:16:22.239",
    "text": "your digital assets. If you are a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:20.400",
    "end": "01:16:24.400",
    "text": "creditor of the counterparty you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:22.239",
    "end": "01:16:27.920",
    "text": "holding your crypto with, there's some"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:24.400",
    "end": "01:16:30.640",
    "text": "undue risk there, additional risk. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:27.920",
    "end": "01:16:32.880",
    "text": "in that situation, if they need your XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:30.640",
    "end": "01:16:33.840",
    "text": "in a liquidity crisis, it's their XRP."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:32.880",
    "end": "01:16:36.239",
    "text": "They're going to use it. They're going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:33.840",
    "end": "01:16:37.840",
    "text": "to take it. um and their obligation to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:36.239",
    "end": "01:16:41.280",
    "text": "use going to be the cash value at the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:37.840",
    "end": "01:16:42.719",
    "text": "time. Um so just be aware of those"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:41.280",
    "end": "01:16:44.719",
    "text": "things. Again, I'm not saying that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:42.719",
    "end": "01:16:47.199",
    "text": "exchanges are going to be malicious or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:44.719",
    "end": "01:16:48.800",
    "text": "perform those actions or making accus"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:47.199",
    "end": "01:16:50.320",
    "text": "accusations that that's going to take"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:48.800",
    "end": "01:16:53.360",
    "text": "place. I'm just saying that it's a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:50.320",
    "end": "01:16:54.960",
    "text": "possibility in that situation. So, cold"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:53.360",
    "end": "01:16:56.960",
    "text": "wallets, institutional custody with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:54.960",
    "end": "01:16:58.880",
    "text": "Digital Ascension Group, neither one of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:56.960",
    "end": "01:17:00.239",
    "text": "those are going to have those concerns"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:16:58.880",
    "end": "01:17:01.520",
    "text": "and you'll be able to ride through that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:00.239",
    "end": "01:17:04.080",
    "text": "period of time if you're holding your"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:01.520",
    "end": "01:17:05.920",
    "text": "assets in that way um until you get to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:04.080",
    "end": "01:17:06.960",
    "text": "the other side and we see, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:05.920",
    "end": "01:17:09.760",
    "text": "what I think are going to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:06.960",
    "end": "01:17:12.400",
    "text": "substantially higher prices uh for XRP."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:09.760",
    "end": "01:17:14.239",
    "text": "So, um yes, I do think that there's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:12.400",
    "end": "01:17:15.679",
    "text": "going to be a crash. Don't know if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:14.239",
    "end": "01:17:17.520",
    "text": "you're going to be able to buy during"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:15.679",
    "end": "01:17:20.800",
    "text": "that period of time. Uh if you have an"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:17.520",
    "end": "01:17:22.320",
    "text": "OTC desk or broker uh like Uphold is a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:20.800",
    "end": "01:17:24.000",
    "text": "broker, they source liquidity from"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:22.320",
    "end": "01:17:27.040",
    "text": "across all of the major exchanges and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:24.000",
    "end": "01:17:29.280",
    "text": "other counterparties. Um they may be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:27.040",
    "end": "01:17:30.880",
    "text": "able to access liquidity. Caleb Mc Brown"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:29.280",
    "end": "01:17:32.080",
    "text": "also might be able to access liquidity"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:30.880",
    "end": "01:17:36.080",
    "text": "during that period of time because they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:32.080",
    "end": "01:17:38.719",
    "text": "are also a broker. Um, so if you were"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:36.080",
    "end": "01:17:42.560",
    "text": "going to hold cash anticipating a drop"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:38.719",
    "end": "01:17:45.360",
    "text": "in the market for that period of time,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:42.560",
    "end": "01:17:48.320",
    "text": "um, you know, either one of those may be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:45.360",
    "end": "01:17:53.199",
    "text": "a better option for you. Um, also talked"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:48.320",
    "end": "01:17:55.679",
    "text": "to OKX the other day. Um, and they also"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:53.199",
    "end": "01:17:57.199",
    "text": "have direct access to liquidity. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:55.679",
    "end": "01:18:00.480",
    "text": "instead of being, you know, kind of a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:17:57.199",
    "end": "01:18:02.640",
    "text": "broker across that, they have built a a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:00.480",
    "end": "01:18:04.000",
    "text": "DEX globally, which is really cool, by"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:02.640",
    "end": "01:18:05.360",
    "text": "the way. like they did a really good job"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:04.000",
    "end": "01:18:07.520",
    "text": "on this. It's some infrastructure that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:05.360",
    "end": "01:18:11.360",
    "text": "I've had never seen before. Um and they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:07.520",
    "end": "01:18:14.239",
    "text": "have direct access to liquidity um you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:11.360",
    "end": "01:18:16.800",
    "text": "know during those times. So OKX might be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:14.239",
    "end": "01:18:19.600",
    "text": "another uh option for you in that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:16.800",
    "end": "01:18:21.120",
    "text": "capacity. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:19.600",
    "end": "01:18:23.520",
    "text": "so yeah, I mean those would be kind of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:21.120",
    "end": "01:18:24.800",
    "text": "the three that I would be looking at to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:23.520",
    "end": "01:18:26.400",
    "text": "create accounts with or do something"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:24.800",
    "end": "01:18:28.800",
    "text": "with in order to be able to facilitate a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:26.400",
    "end": "01:18:30.800",
    "text": "buy if there is market volatility and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:28.800",
    "end": "01:18:33.840",
    "text": "certain exchanges go illquid or go down"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:30.800",
    "end": "01:18:35.280",
    "text": "during that period. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:33.840",
    "end": "01:18:37.440",
    "text": "but yeah, I think there's gonna be a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:35.280",
    "end": "01:18:39.520",
    "text": "huge consolidation. I think you know the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:37.440",
    "end": "01:18:42.000",
    "text": "whole space is going to consolidate from"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:39.520",
    "end": "01:18:45.360",
    "text": "over 50,000 cryptos down to like less"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:42.000",
    "end": "01:18:47.280",
    "text": "than a hundred uh during that period."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:45.360",
    "end": "01:18:50.320",
    "text": "Honest, good to see you. He says, \"Mr."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:47.280",
    "end": "01:18:52.960",
    "text": "Legacy, hi to the tea lady. Uh you are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:50.320",
    "end": "01:18:55.520",
    "text": "you at 200,000 yet?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:52.960",
    "end": "01:18:57.280",
    "text": "What's the deal with some people?\" Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:55.520",
    "end": "01:18:58.719",
    "text": "best man on YouTube. I don't know about"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:57.280",
    "end": "01:19:00.960",
    "text": "all that, dude. Thank you for the kind"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:18:58.719",
    "end": "01:19:04.320",
    "text": "words, though. Uh he says building white"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:00.960",
    "end": "01:19:07.600",
    "text": "rock for us uh business partners"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:04.320",
    "end": "01:19:09.920",
    "text": "uh eternally grateful uh for all you do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:07.600",
    "end": "01:19:11.840",
    "text": "and the misses. Uh thank you brother."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:09.920",
    "end": "01:19:15.600",
    "text": "Thank you for the kind words. Uh and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:11.840",
    "end": "01:19:18.000",
    "text": "again you know we are almost to 200,000"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:15.600",
    "end": "01:19:19.920",
    "text": "subscribers over on YouTube. If you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:18.000",
    "end": "01:19:21.600",
    "text": "watching over here on Tik Tok, if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:19.920",
    "end": "01:19:24.560",
    "text": "watching on Facebook, if you're watching"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:21.600",
    "end": "01:19:26.640",
    "text": "on X, it would really mean a lot if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:24.560",
    "end": "01:19:28.159",
    "text": "could go over and subscribe on YouTube."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:26.640",
    "end": "01:19:30.400",
    "text": "even if that's not normally the way you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:28.159",
    "end": "01:19:33.120",
    "text": "consume this content or other content."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:30.400",
    "end": "01:19:34.640",
    "text": "Uh we would love to get to 200,000"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:33.120",
    "end": "01:19:37.440",
    "text": "that's on the bucket list for me this"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:34.640",
    "end": "01:19:39.600",
    "text": "year. So, um again, appreciate all the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:37.440",
    "end": "01:19:41.199",
    "text": "support, all the subscribers, all the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:39.600",
    "end": "01:19:43.040",
    "text": "likes. I should probably say this,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:41.199",
    "end": "01:19:45.280",
    "text": "always forget to do it. Please like,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:43.040",
    "end": "01:19:47.920",
    "text": "subscribe, share, uh turn on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:45.280",
    "end": "01:19:49.840",
    "text": "notification bell uh for stuff coming on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:47.920",
    "end": "01:19:52.159",
    "text": "the channel. It does help the algorithm,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:49.840",
    "end": "01:19:54.000",
    "text": "helps this reach a broader audience. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:52.159",
    "end": "01:19:56.560",
    "text": "if you don't find value in it, don't do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:54.000",
    "end": "01:19:58.000",
    "text": "those things. I'm not, you know, telling"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:56.560",
    "end": "01:19:59.520",
    "text": "anybody and everybody should, but if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:58.000",
    "end": "01:20:01.600",
    "text": "if you do enjoy this and you do watch"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:19:59.520",
    "end": "01:20:03.360",
    "text": "frequently, um, all those things do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:01.600",
    "end": "01:20:05.440",
    "text": "help."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:03.360",
    "end": "01:20:08.239",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:05.440",
    "end": "01:20:12.640",
    "text": "EIN's null 01 says, \"Legend, what's up,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:08.239",
    "end": "01:20:15.679",
    "text": "dude? Uh, you gave us a hint at a French"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:12.640",
    "end": "01:20:18.640",
    "text": "guy, uh, who used to work at the BIS and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:15.679",
    "end": "01:20:21.360",
    "text": "now at the ECB. Any other tips of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:18.640",
    "end": "01:20:25.080",
    "text": "interesting people we should look into,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:21.360",
    "end": "01:20:25.080",
    "text": "BIS or other?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:25.440",
    "end": "01:20:30.280",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:27.040",
    "end": "01:20:30.280",
    "text": "hold on."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:31.600",
    "end": "01:20:36.719",
    "text": "Uh, actually this way."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:35.040",
    "end": "01:20:38.480",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:36.719",
    "end": "01:20:42.880",
    "text": "Sunnak,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:38.480",
    "end": "01:20:48.560",
    "text": "he was uh prime minister uh for the ECB,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:42.880",
    "end": "01:20:50.880",
    "text": "not the ECB, but uh in the EU um after"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:48.560",
    "end": "01:20:53.120",
    "text": "Liz, what was the other lady's name?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:50.880",
    "end": "01:20:56.480",
    "text": "Anyway, she was only in for 45 days and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:53.120",
    "end": "01:20:59.600",
    "text": "then Sunnak uh was in uh for a little"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:56.480",
    "end": "01:21:02.239",
    "text": "while and helped pass some legislation."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:20:59.600",
    "end": "01:21:04.960",
    "text": "If you want to go look him up uh and his"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:02.239",
    "end": "01:21:06.640",
    "text": "connections with certain Indian families"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:04.960",
    "end": "01:21:10.800",
    "text": "and some other stuff, I think you'll"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:06.640",
    "end": "01:21:13.280",
    "text": "find some good things there, too. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:10.800",
    "end": "01:21:14.560",
    "text": "you know, again, there's a lot of people"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:13.280",
    "end": "01:21:16.080",
    "text": "that have moved around in the background"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:14.560",
    "end": "01:21:17.600",
    "text": "over the years and been able to pass"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:16.080",
    "end": "01:21:19.040",
    "text": "certain legislation or get things done"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:17.600",
    "end": "01:21:22.400",
    "text": "in whatever period of time they were in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:19.040",
    "end": "01:21:23.920",
    "text": "office that uh had a net benefit for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:22.400",
    "end": "01:21:26.320",
    "text": "XRP."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:23.920",
    "end": "01:21:30.000",
    "text": "So, that's another one if you want to go"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:26.320",
    "end": "01:21:31.679",
    "text": "check it out. Uh Bill here uh says, \"I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:30.000",
    "end": "01:21:33.760",
    "text": "flew to Dallas and personally delivered"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:31.679",
    "end": "01:21:37.440",
    "text": "tea to your office. Uh you said you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:33.760",
    "end": "01:21:41.040",
    "text": "would try it. Uh I guess Mr. Dapper uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:37.440",
    "end": "01:21:42.960",
    "text": "rates higher second week in a row. Ouch."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:41.040",
    "end": "01:21:45.920",
    "text": "Here's the deal, Bill. Uh and I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:42.960",
    "end": "01:21:47.520",
    "text": "appreciate the tea. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:45.920",
    "end": "01:21:50.320",
    "text": "I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:47.520",
    "end": "01:21:52.400",
    "text": "I hate lavender."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:50.320",
    "end": "01:21:55.440",
    "text": "Um and I know I don't know that I've"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:52.400",
    "end": "01:21:57.840",
    "text": "ever said that on here. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:55.440",
    "end": "01:22:01.199",
    "text": "have a hard time with that flavor and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:21:57.840",
    "end": "01:22:02.800",
    "text": "with that scent. Um not sure that the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:01.199",
    "end": "01:22:06.239",
    "text": "one that you delivered was lavender or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:02.800",
    "end": "01:22:09.040",
    "text": "not. Um I will verify that with my wife."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:06.239",
    "end": "01:22:13.520",
    "text": "Uh but if it was um that that is the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:09.040",
    "end": "01:22:15.280",
    "text": "reason that I have not drank it. Um I do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:13.520",
    "end": "01:22:16.880",
    "text": "appreciate the gesture and I appreciate"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:15.280",
    "end": "01:22:19.040",
    "text": "you coming by the office. I read the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:16.880",
    "end": "01:22:23.600",
    "text": "card and it was very nice and thank you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:19.040",
    "end": "01:22:26.719",
    "text": "for for doing so. Um again, you know, if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:23.600",
    "end": "01:22:29.600",
    "text": "if it's the lavender tea,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:26.719",
    "end": "01:22:31.840",
    "text": "my wife says she'll drink it."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:29.600",
    "end": "01:22:34.000",
    "text": "She's yelling at me."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:31.840",
    "end": "01:22:36.719",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:34.000",
    "end": "01:22:38.639",
    "text": "all right. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:36.719",
    "end": "01:22:40.560",
    "text": "we already did this one for the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:38.639",
    "end": "01:22:42.719",
    "text": "mastermind."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:40.560",
    "end": "01:22:45.600",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:42.719",
    "end": "01:22:47.280",
    "text": "all right. Uh, legend. Uh, the signing"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:45.600",
    "end": "01:22:48.960",
    "text": "of the Clarity Act is a distraction by"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:47.280",
    "end": "01:22:51.360",
    "text": "the elites."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:48.960",
    "end": "01:22:54.159",
    "text": "Uh, the CFTC, the SEC, and the OC are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:51.360",
    "end": "01:22:55.679",
    "text": "passing individual laws in parallel. Not"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:54.159",
    "end": "01:22:58.719",
    "text": "really laws, it's just guidance around"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:55.679",
    "end": "01:23:01.520",
    "text": "this asset class. Uh, starting in 2025,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:22:58.719",
    "end": "01:23:04.400",
    "text": "the reverse carry trade happened. uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:01.520",
    "end": "01:23:06.880",
    "text": "will happen before the FIFA Cup or is it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:04.400",
    "end": "01:23:09.520",
    "text": "better to do it during the FIFA uh and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:06.880",
    "end": "01:23:12.239",
    "text": "use it as a distraction?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:09.520",
    "end": "01:23:17.159",
    "text": "Um I'm not sure when the FIFA Cup is."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:12.239",
    "end": "01:23:17.159",
    "text": "Let me take a look here. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:18.639",
    "end": "01:23:22.960",
    "text": "FIFA"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:20.159",
    "end": "01:23:26.480",
    "text": "Cup"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:22.960",
    "end": "01:23:30.239",
    "text": "uh is July 11th through July 19th this"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:26.480",
    "end": "01:23:32.320",
    "text": "year. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:30.239",
    "end": "01:23:34.239",
    "text": "I mean, like I said, the OC can come out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:32.320",
    "end": "01:23:35.679",
    "text": "at any point before July 18th and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:34.239",
    "end": "01:23:37.120",
    "text": "regulate stable coins. And I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:35.679",
    "end": "01:23:39.040",
    "text": "that's what we're waiting on for them to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:37.120",
    "end": "01:23:42.719",
    "text": "be able to unwind reverse carry trade so"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:39.040",
    "end": "01:23:44.080",
    "text": "that um we can see, you know, or have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:42.719",
    "end": "01:23:45.280",
    "text": "the ability to stabilize the bond"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:44.080",
    "end": "01:23:46.960",
    "text": "market. We have to be able to issue"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:45.280",
    "end": "01:23:48.480",
    "text": "stable coins at scale here domestically"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:46.960",
    "end": "01:23:49.679",
    "text": "in the US in order to be able to absorb"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:48.480",
    "end": "01:23:52.320",
    "text": "the treasuries that are going to flow"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:49.679",
    "end": "01:23:56.960",
    "text": "onto the market uh during that period of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:52.320",
    "end": "01:24:00.199",
    "text": "time. So, you know, again, I tend to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:23:56.960",
    "end": "01:24:00.199",
    "text": "feel likely"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:01.600",
    "end": "01:24:06.639",
    "text": "prior to those dates, we're going to see"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:03.760",
    "end": "01:24:10.800",
    "text": "it. Uh, but again, could be wrong. It's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:06.639",
    "end": "01:24:12.960",
    "text": "hard to time anything in this market."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:10.800",
    "end": "01:24:15.040",
    "text": "Um, we already did that one. I'm going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:12.960",
    "end": "01:24:16.960",
    "text": "to go all the way to the bottom and try"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:15.040",
    "end": "01:24:18.080",
    "text": "to work my way back up. I'm probably not"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:16.960",
    "end": "01:24:19.520",
    "text": "going to get to all the super chats"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:18.080",
    "end": "01:24:21.520",
    "text": "tonight. Uh, and again, appreciate"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:19.520",
    "end": "01:24:23.760",
    "text": "everybody that does that. uh my wife"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:21.520",
    "end": "01:24:26.000",
    "text": "will get them either uh through DM if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:23.760",
    "end": "01:24:26.880",
    "text": "you want to send them that way or uh if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:26.000",
    "end": "01:24:29.760",
    "text": "you want to email them to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:26.880",
    "end": "01:24:32.159",
    "text": "info@digitalfamilyoff.io"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:29.760",
    "end": "01:24:36.400",
    "text": "uh we will get them that way as well. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:32.159",
    "end": "01:24:40.159",
    "text": "Rich Gilbert uh he says thoughts on the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:36.400",
    "end": "01:24:43.840",
    "text": "harbinger um setting setting precedent"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:40.159",
    "end": "01:24:45.920",
    "text": "Japan uh ahead of h the face act fintex"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:43.840",
    "end": "01:24:50.080",
    "text": "like Google Amazon Meta and SBI with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:45.920",
    "end": "01:24:55.719",
    "text": "Visa offering 10% XRP rewards"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:50.080",
    "end": "01:24:55.719",
    "text": "then they do it in the US once legal"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:56.400",
    "end": "01:25:00.480",
    "text": "highly doubt anybody will pay be paying"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:24:58.480",
    "end": "01:25:02.000",
    "text": "any rewards in XRP post price"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:00.480",
    "end": "01:25:04.000",
    "text": "appreciation or implement mentation of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:02.000",
    "end": "01:25:08.080",
    "text": "this technology. Uh I think it's going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:04.000",
    "end": "01:25:09.600",
    "text": "to be way too valuable um as the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:08.080",
    "end": "01:25:13.280",
    "text": "backbone of the financial system for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:09.600",
    "end": "01:25:15.840",
    "text": "people to pay rewards in it. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:13.280",
    "end": "01:25:18.560",
    "text": "we you know might look at doing that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:15.840",
    "end": "01:25:20.000",
    "text": "through our connection with Uphold if we"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:18.560",
    "end": "01:25:22.239",
    "text": "are if we have the capability or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:20.000",
    "end": "01:25:23.280",
    "text": "possibility. Um but outside of that I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:22.239",
    "end": "01:25:25.360",
    "text": "don't think that any banks or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:23.280",
    "end": "01:25:29.840",
    "text": "institutions are going to be doing out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:25.360",
    "end": "01:25:33.360",
    "text": "XRP to any of their users."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:29.840",
    "end": "01:25:35.360",
    "text": "Um, Fresco says, \"Hey, Jake. Uh, with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:33.360",
    "end": "01:25:38.480",
    "text": "people with special needs with exposure"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:35.360",
    "end": "01:25:40.080",
    "text": "to crypto need protection, uh, too. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:38.480",
    "end": "01:25:42.239",
    "text": "I'm wondering, does Digital Ascension"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:40.080",
    "end": "01:25:44.800",
    "text": "Group create special needs trust?\" We"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:42.239",
    "end": "01:25:46.960",
    "text": "sure do. Uh, to help people with special"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:44.800",
    "end": "01:25:48.239",
    "text": "needs protect their crypto uh, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:46.960",
    "end": "01:25:50.400",
    "text": "government assistance. Yeah. So, if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:48.239",
    "end": "01:25:53.199",
    "text": "you're on SSI, uh we can set up a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:50.400",
    "end": "01:25:56.400",
    "text": "special needs trust for uh yourself or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:53.199",
    "end": "01:25:58.000",
    "text": "for um your children uh if they're in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:56.400",
    "end": "01:25:59.760",
    "text": "that situation to make sure that they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:58.000",
    "end": "01:26:02.880",
    "text": "able to navigate that and continue to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:25:59.760",
    "end": "01:26:06.560",
    "text": "able to get their um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:02.880",
    "end": "01:26:09.920",
    "text": "help uh so that they don't lose that if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:06.560",
    "end": "01:26:11.840",
    "text": "they get too much income. And um Dan"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:09.920",
    "end": "01:26:13.360",
    "text": "Plasket on the estate planning side"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:11.840",
    "end": "01:26:15.679",
    "text": "helps navigate all of that for our"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:13.360",
    "end": "01:26:18.880",
    "text": "clients. Uh we also are bringing on some"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:15.679",
    "end": "01:26:20.239",
    "text": "other help for him which is good and um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:18.880",
    "end": "01:26:21.600",
    "text": "yeah we would love to work with you in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:20.239",
    "end": "01:26:25.600",
    "text": "that capacity if that's something that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:21.600",
    "end": "01:26:29.600",
    "text": "you are interested in."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:25.600",
    "end": "01:26:33.600",
    "text": "All right. Uh KT baby. Hey ma'am. Uh she"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:29.600",
    "end": "01:26:38.320",
    "text": "says Jake. So uh if you're going to take"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:33.600",
    "end": "01:26:41.440",
    "text": "a victory vacation before after July"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:38.320",
    "end": "01:26:44.400",
    "text": "and uh Rick Johnson uh my tires are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:41.440",
    "end": "01:26:45.920",
    "text": "doing just fine. Thanks for asking."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:44.400",
    "end": "01:26:49.199",
    "text": "There's a lot of banter between those"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:45.920",
    "end": "01:26:50.400",
    "text": "two on here. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:49.199",
    "end": "01:26:51.760",
    "text": "we we were talking about going on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:50.400",
    "end": "01:26:54.400",
    "text": "vacation a little bit earlier today to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:51.760",
    "end": "01:26:57.440",
    "text": "be honest with you. Uh, been traveling a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:54.400",
    "end": "01:26:59.199",
    "text": "lot. Um, and you know, my wife has other"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:57.440",
    "end": "01:27:01.440",
    "text": "obligations and things that she does and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:26:59.199",
    "end": "01:27:03.840",
    "text": "so it's hard to find a window uh where"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:01.440",
    "end": "01:27:07.199",
    "text": "we're both free um to be able to go"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:03.840",
    "end": "01:27:08.719",
    "text": "somewhere. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:07.199",
    "end": "01:27:11.040",
    "text": "I don't know that we'll be able to make"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:08.719",
    "end": "01:27:13.199",
    "text": "it happen."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:11.040",
    "end": "01:27:14.800",
    "text": "I don't know. I don't know. I only have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:13.199",
    "end": "01:27:16.080",
    "text": "a few free weeks and show does so does"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:14.800",
    "end": "01:27:21.600",
    "text": "she. So, we're still working through"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:16.080",
    "end": "01:27:22.960",
    "text": "that. Um, but postp price appreciation."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:21.600",
    "end": "01:27:25.360",
    "text": "Yeah, there's a lot of places that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:22.960",
    "end": "01:27:29.120",
    "text": "on the list for sure."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:25.360",
    "end": "01:27:30.400",
    "text": "Um, comf uh says, \"Dude, I pray for you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:29.120",
    "end": "01:27:32.800",
    "text": "and your family.\" Thank you, man. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:30.400",
    "end": "01:27:35.440",
    "text": "appreciate the prayers. Um, he said, \"I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:32.800",
    "end": "01:27:38.000",
    "text": "can't imagine uh you juggling all this."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:35.440",
    "end": "01:27:39.679",
    "text": "Uh, thank your wife for us. Uh, she's a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:38.000",
    "end": "01:27:42.159",
    "text": "trooper.\" She is a trooper. she holds it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:39.679",
    "end": "01:27:43.920",
    "text": "down uh while I'm traveling and trying"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:42.159",
    "end": "01:27:45.440",
    "text": "to get deals done and and making the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:43.920",
    "end": "01:27:49.520",
    "text": "connections we need to be able to scale"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:45.440",
    "end": "01:27:53.520",
    "text": "the business. Um very grateful for her."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:49.520",
    "end": "01:27:57.880",
    "text": "She she deals with a lot and um she says"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:53.520",
    "end": "01:27:57.880",
    "text": "craping my style killing my vibes."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:27:58.719",
    "end": "01:28:04.800",
    "text": "She she uh she's a firecracker. Um but"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:02.320",
    "end": "01:28:06.719",
    "text": "she she does help us out a lot. Me in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:04.800",
    "end": "01:28:09.840",
    "text": "particular definitely couldn't do any of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:06.719",
    "end": "01:28:12.159",
    "text": "this without her. So, um, she is much"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:09.840",
    "end": "01:28:14.239",
    "text": "appreciated."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:12.159",
    "end": "01:28:17.920",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:14.239",
    "end": "01:28:20.080",
    "text": "let's see here. Um, we got Carlos"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:17.920",
    "end": "01:28:23.600",
    "text": "Campos. Uh, he says, \"Hey, Jake, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:20.080",
    "end": "01:28:25.600",
    "text": "said the BO BOJ did five interventions,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:23.600",
    "end": "01:28:29.520",
    "text": "but Gemini says they only did two in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:25.600",
    "end": "01:28:31.679",
    "text": "2026, sending spending 63 billion uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:29.520",
    "end": "01:28:33.600",
    "text": "over April and May. Can you clarify?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:31.679",
    "end": "01:28:35.679",
    "text": "Thanks. Uh, if you look at the chart,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:33.600",
    "end": "01:28:39.679",
    "text": "there's been five."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:35.679",
    "end": "01:28:41.199",
    "text": "So I don't know, you know, again, like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:39.679",
    "end": "01:28:43.199",
    "text": "you can literally look at the chart and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:41.199",
    "end": "01:28:45.360",
    "text": "see the sharp red lines down where they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:43.199",
    "end": "01:28:48.320",
    "text": "intervened in the market. Uh, and you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:45.360",
    "end": "01:28:52.080",
    "text": "can count five."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:48.320",
    "end": "01:28:55.120",
    "text": "So if Gemini wants to say or chat GBT"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:52.080",
    "end": "01:28:58.560",
    "text": "wants to say or any of these other, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:55.120",
    "end": "01:29:00.800",
    "text": "know, LLMs want to chime in, um, they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:28:58.560",
    "end": "01:29:03.120",
    "text": "can absolutely do that. I would prefer"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:00.800",
    "end": "01:29:04.719",
    "text": "to look with my eyes and see how many"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:03.120",
    "end": "01:29:08.639",
    "text": "times they've interveneed versus just"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:04.719",
    "end": "01:29:10.960",
    "text": "rely on a Google search uh or an LLM uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:08.639",
    "end": "01:29:13.120",
    "text": "to tell me. Even though those are great"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:10.960",
    "end": "01:29:14.639",
    "text": "tools, I'm not saying not to use them."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:13.120",
    "end": "01:29:15.920",
    "text": "I'm just saying you should oftentimes"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:14.639",
    "end": "01:29:18.239",
    "text": "fact check them because they do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:15.920",
    "end": "01:29:20.880",
    "text": "hallucinate. Um and if you were to go"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:18.239",
    "end": "01:29:22.000",
    "text": "back to that LLM uh after it gave you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:20.880",
    "end": "01:29:23.440",
    "text": "that first one and say, \"I don't think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:22.000",
    "end": "01:29:25.120",
    "text": "so. I think there's been five.\" You"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:23.440",
    "end": "01:29:27.040",
    "text": "should look at the chart. I bet it'll"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:25.120",
    "end": "01:29:29.679",
    "text": "go, \"Oh, yeah, actually you're right. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:27.040",
    "end": "01:29:31.360",
    "text": "do see five large lines here that show"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:29.679",
    "end": "01:29:34.400",
    "text": "that there could have been interventions"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:31.360",
    "end": "01:29:37.600",
    "text": "during those situations and it likely"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:34.400",
    "end": "01:29:39.199",
    "text": "was five times in that period of time."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:37.600",
    "end": "01:29:40.960",
    "text": "Um, sometimes you just have to put them"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:39.199",
    "end": "01:29:43.679",
    "text": "in your in their place and correct them"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:40.960",
    "end": "01:29:46.639",
    "text": "when they're wrong. Um, I have to do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:43.679",
    "end": "01:29:50.639",
    "text": "that probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:46.639",
    "end": "01:29:52.639",
    "text": "probably two out of 10 um, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:50.639",
    "end": "01:29:54.800",
    "text": "questions that I ask an LLM. Sometimes"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:52.639",
    "end": "01:29:56.000",
    "text": "I'll ask an LLM that I already know you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:54.800",
    "end": "01:29:57.679",
    "text": "a question that I already know the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:56.000",
    "end": "01:29:59.760",
    "text": "answer to and depending on how they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:57.679",
    "end": "01:30:01.520",
    "text": "answer it, I'll make sure that it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:29:59.760",
    "end": "01:30:04.960",
    "text": "understands"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:01.520",
    "end": "01:30:07.520",
    "text": "what what the actual situation is. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:04.960",
    "end": "01:30:08.880",
    "text": "Fresco GP says, \"How does Digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:07.520",
    "end": "01:30:11.840",
    "text": "Ascension Group create or work with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:08.880",
    "end": "01:30:14.080",
    "text": "special needs trust uh which is specific"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:11.840",
    "end": "01:30:15.840",
    "text": "to clients with disabilities to protect"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:14.080",
    "end": "01:30:18.000",
    "text": "their government assistance?\" Uh, we"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:15.840",
    "end": "01:30:19.920",
    "text": "just we just went over that. We have uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:18.000",
    "end": "01:30:22.000",
    "text": "Dan Plasket who's our architect or chief"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:19.920",
    "end": "01:30:24.480",
    "text": "architect for the estate planning side"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:22.000",
    "end": "01:30:26.639",
    "text": "on the more complex trusts uh and he's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:24.480",
    "end": "01:30:28.159",
    "text": "been doing this for 45 years and he will"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:26.639",
    "end": "01:30:30.320",
    "text": "craft that for you. We have language to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:28.159",
    "end": "01:30:31.840",
    "text": "be able to build into um that type of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:30.320",
    "end": "01:30:33.120",
    "text": "trust to be able to help facilitate that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:31.840",
    "end": "01:30:36.320",
    "text": "and structure it the right way so that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:33.120",
    "end": "01:30:38.320",
    "text": "you don't lose uh that SSI uh if you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:36.320",
    "end": "01:30:42.480",
    "text": "in that situation or your ch your child"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:38.320",
    "end": "01:30:44.560",
    "text": "is in that situation or grandchild."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:42.480",
    "end": "01:30:46.400",
    "text": "Um Nancy, hey ma'am, she says thank you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:44.560",
    "end": "01:30:48.719",
    "text": "for all that you do for us. uh Jake and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:46.400",
    "end": "01:30:50.000",
    "text": "the Tea Lady. Uh hope to meet her. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:48.719",
    "end": "01:30:51.920",
    "text": "I'm sure that you will if you come to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:50.000",
    "end": "01:30:54.400",
    "text": "our events. Uh she said, \"We met with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:51.920",
    "end": "01:30:56.400",
    "text": "our new rep, Tyler, at DWP and he was"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:54.400",
    "end": "01:30:58.880",
    "text": "great. Uh looking forward to seeing"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:56.400",
    "end": "01:31:00.480",
    "text": "plans for our family come to fruition."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:30:58.880",
    "end": "01:31:02.320",
    "text": "God bless. God bless you. Thank you for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:00.480",
    "end": "01:31:03.920",
    "text": "the kind words and support and uh we're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:02.320",
    "end": "01:31:08.880",
    "text": "really excited to have you as clients.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:03.920",
    "end": "01:31:10.480",
    "text": "So um yeah, uh I'm sure you will see my"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:08.880",
    "end": "01:31:12.239",
    "text": "wife at one of the events if you attend"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:10.480",
    "end": "01:31:13.520",
    "text": "those."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:12.239",
    "end": "01:31:15.280",
    "text": "Again, if you want to join the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:13.520",
    "end": "01:31:18.080",
    "text": "mastermind, we'd love to have you there."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:15.280",
    "end": "01:31:19.679",
    "text": "Uh we have lots of in-person events. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:18.080",
    "end": "01:31:21.760",
    "text": "we do them all across the country as"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:19.679",
    "end": "01:31:24.639",
    "text": "we're traveling uh or with working with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:21.760",
    "end": "01:31:27.840",
    "text": "different parties. Uh the last one was"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:24.639",
    "end": "01:31:31.600",
    "text": "um in Miami. We did that with 3IIQ"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:27.840",
    "end": "01:31:33.520",
    "text": "Bomial uh and with um Canary Capital."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:31.600",
    "end": "01:31:35.360",
    "text": "Shout out to Steve and the guys over"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:33.520",
    "end": "01:31:38.800",
    "text": "there."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:35.360",
    "end": "01:31:43.679",
    "text": "Uh Kala Quantum says, \"Hi Jake. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:38.800",
    "end": "01:31:46.239",
    "text": "Quantum girl here.\" Um, oh, Kayla, Kayla"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:43.679",
    "end": "01:31:49.199",
    "text": "Quantum. Okay. Um, sorry I butchered"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:46.239",
    "end": "01:31:53.120",
    "text": "that. I'm bad. I appreciate you letting"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:49.199",
    "end": "01:31:55.679",
    "text": "me know. Uh, she says, um, invite for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:53.120",
    "end": "01:31:57.520",
    "text": "all of us to hold space immediately"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:55.679",
    "end": "01:32:01.600",
    "text": "after"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:31:57.520",
    "end": "01:32:04.400",
    "text": "live to envision XRP at $1,000. Uh, when"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:01.600",
    "end": "01:32:07.520",
    "text": "we chose to approach our field in a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:04.400",
    "end": "01:32:09.760",
    "text": "positive, uh, coherence. Uh, old"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:07.520",
    "end": "01:32:11.600",
    "text": "patterns die. Loved all. Uh, thank you,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:09.760",
    "end": "01:32:14.400",
    "text": "ma'am. I I completely believe in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:11.600",
    "end": "01:32:16.000",
    "text": "manifestation. Uh and I believe if there"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:14.400",
    "end": "01:32:17.600",
    "text": "are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:16.000",
    "end": "01:32:18.960",
    "text": "if there is a large enough majority of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:17.600",
    "end": "01:32:21.600",
    "text": "the population that believes a certain"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:18.960",
    "end": "01:32:25.760",
    "text": "outcome will transpire that it it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:21.600",
    "end": "01:32:27.520",
    "text": "definitely takes place. Um it's weird"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:25.760",
    "end": "01:32:31.120",
    "text": "how the quantum field works like that."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:27.520",
    "end": "01:32:35.199",
    "text": "So I I love that and uh appreciate the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:31.120",
    "end": "01:32:37.840",
    "text": "the high vibrations uh in the chat."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:35.199",
    "end": "01:32:40.000",
    "text": "Um we got Whisfit 66. They say, \"Hey,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:37.840",
    "end": "01:32:42.239",
    "text": "Jake, uh, carbon one and DBP member with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:40.000",
    "end": "01:32:44.000",
    "text": "an LLC and trust. Should I put my"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:42.239",
    "end": "01:32:46.400",
    "text": "existing whole life policy and simple"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:44.000",
    "end": "01:32:48.000",
    "text": "IRA uh, in the trust to help mitigate"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:46.400",
    "end": "01:32:50.000",
    "text": "taxes post price appreciation or should"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:48.000",
    "end": "01:32:54.080",
    "text": "I keep those things separate uh, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:50.000",
    "end": "01:32:55.920",
    "text": "open for other pol policies? Um, should"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:54.080",
    "end": "01:32:58.920",
    "text": "I do this now or wait till price"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:32:55.920",
    "end": "01:32:58.920",
    "text": "appreciation?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:02.719",
    "end": "01:33:08.800",
    "text": "That's a lot whizfit."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:04.800",
    "end": "01:33:10.400",
    "text": "Um, so simple IRA,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:08.800",
    "end": "01:33:12.159",
    "text": "an IRA is an individual retirement"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:10.400",
    "end": "01:33:14.400",
    "text": "account."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:12.159",
    "end": "01:33:17.440",
    "text": "You wouldn't put that in an LLC or a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:14.400",
    "end": "01:33:18.880",
    "text": "trust. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:17.440",
    "end": "01:33:20.880",
    "text": "I guess you could you could set up an"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:18.880",
    "end": "01:33:22.320",
    "text": "IRA, trust, or LLC, but with it being a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:20.880",
    "end": "01:33:24.080",
    "text": "simple IRA, I don't know if you can make"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:22.320",
    "end": "01:33:25.679",
    "text": "that conversion."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:24.080",
    "end": "01:33:27.280",
    "text": "Uh, when it comes to the whole life"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:25.679",
    "end": "01:33:29.040",
    "text": "policy,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:27.280",
    "end": "01:33:31.520",
    "text": "it would depend on I assume that whole"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:29.040",
    "end": "01:33:34.480",
    "text": "life policy is on you."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:31.520",
    "end": "01:33:38.159",
    "text": "um you could make a trust the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:34.480",
    "end": "01:33:40.800",
    "text": "beneficiary of the whole life policy."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:38.159",
    "end": "01:33:44.400",
    "text": "Um and then that way those assets would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:40.800",
    "end": "01:33:46.880",
    "text": "skip uh you know passing and taxes that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:44.400",
    "end": "01:33:48.560",
    "text": "would flow into the trust. So that would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:46.880",
    "end": "01:33:50.239",
    "text": "be the one consideration based on what"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:48.560",
    "end": "01:33:52.000",
    "text": "you stated there that I would look"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:50.239",
    "end": "01:33:55.120",
    "text": "through. It's it may or may not be the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:52.000",
    "end": "01:33:56.560",
    "text": "right choice. Um depends on what type of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:55.120",
    "end": "01:33:58.159",
    "text": "trust you have set up. It sounds like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:56.560",
    "end": "01:34:00.639",
    "text": "you set up the revocable living trust"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:33:58.159",
    "end": "01:34:03.840",
    "text": "with us. Um, which could be the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:00.639",
    "end": "01:34:07.040",
    "text": "beneficiary of that insurance policy."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:03.840",
    "end": "01:34:09.040",
    "text": "However, you might look at an eyelet,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:07.040",
    "end": "01:34:11.840",
    "text": "uh, an insurance an irrevocable life"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:09.040",
    "end": "01:34:14.560",
    "text": "insurance trust. Uh, I would talk to Dan"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:11.840",
    "end": "01:34:17.199",
    "text": "Plask about those things. Uh, and he can"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:14.560",
    "end": "01:34:19.280",
    "text": "help you kind of navigate that in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:17.199",
    "end": "01:34:21.040",
    "text": "best manner that's, you know, the right"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:19.280",
    "end": "01:34:22.800",
    "text": "thing for you. I don't have enough"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:21.040",
    "end": "01:34:25.760",
    "text": "context about your entire, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:22.800",
    "end": "01:34:27.760",
    "text": "long-term goals, uh, your age, your"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:25.760",
    "end": "01:34:30.320",
    "text": "kids, all the other things that would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:27.760",
    "end": "01:34:33.040",
    "text": "kind of factor into, uh, what would be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:30.320",
    "end": "01:34:34.639",
    "text": "the best way to orchestrate that. And if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:33.040",
    "end": "01:34:37.199",
    "text": "you're able to work with him and provide"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:34.639",
    "end": "01:34:40.880",
    "text": "that information, um, again, like I've"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:37.199",
    "end": "01:34:43.280",
    "text": "said many times, he I am, you know, I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:40.880",
    "end": "01:34:45.360",
    "text": "know enough to be dangerous."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:43.280",
    "end": "01:34:47.840",
    "text": "He knows everything in and out, tax"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:45.360",
    "end": "01:34:51.440",
    "text": "code, uh, and how these entities are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:47.840",
    "end": "01:34:53.520",
    "text": "structured. um the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:51.440",
    "end": "01:34:55.280",
    "text": "um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:53.520",
    "end": "01:34:57.840",
    "text": "language in the trust and how to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:55.280",
    "end": "01:34:59.679",
    "text": "structure that the right way. Um which"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:57.840",
    "end": "01:35:01.920",
    "text": "policies and things are right at the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:34:59.679",
    "end": "01:35:03.679",
    "text": "right time. What he's built for us and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:01.920",
    "end": "01:35:04.960",
    "text": "what we went over on the most recent"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:03.679",
    "end": "01:35:06.320",
    "text": "webinar that we put together for high"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:04.960",
    "end": "01:35:09.280",
    "text": "net worth individuals invested in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:06.320",
    "end": "01:35:11.679",
    "text": "crypto. um is how he's married a dynasty"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:09.280",
    "end": "01:35:15.679",
    "text": "trust with uh an intentionally defective"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:11.679",
    "end": "01:35:18.000",
    "text": "grantor trust and then added um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:15.679",
    "end": "01:35:21.040",
    "text": "digital asset, you know, transfer trust"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:18.000",
    "end": "01:35:22.639",
    "text": "provisions in there. Uh it is the most"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:21.040",
    "end": "01:35:25.760",
    "text": "robust document built for digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:22.639",
    "end": "01:35:27.199",
    "text": "assets, how to protect those. So, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:25.760",
    "end": "01:35:29.440",
    "text": "know, again, that's an irrevocable"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:27.199",
    "end": "01:35:32.159",
    "text": "trust. It's not a life insurance trust."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:29.440",
    "end": "01:35:34.159",
    "text": "So, I would I reach out to Dan um his"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:32.159",
    "end": "01:35:36.320",
    "text": "email if you well just reach out to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:34.159",
    "end": "01:35:38.080",
    "text": "info@digitalfamilyoff.io"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:36.320",
    "end": "01:35:40.080",
    "text": "O and they can connect you with Dan uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:38.080",
    "end": "01:35:42.239",
    "text": "to be able to help you navigate uh what"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:40.080",
    "end": "01:35:43.600",
    "text": "to do with all of that. And again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:42.239",
    "end": "01:35:45.199",
    "text": "excited to have you in the group. Thank"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:43.600",
    "end": "01:35:47.360",
    "text": "you for working with us. Blessed and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:45.199",
    "end": "01:35:49.520",
    "text": "grateful for um you know, the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:47.360",
    "end": "01:35:52.159",
    "text": "opportunity. And uh thank you again for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:49.520",
    "end": "01:35:54.880",
    "text": "the super chat and the kind words."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:52.159",
    "end": "01:35:56.880",
    "text": "Uh patience first uh says, \"Hey Jake,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:54.880",
    "end": "01:36:00.639",
    "text": "what price is the minimum that the DTCC"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:35:56.880",
    "end": "01:36:03.679",
    "text": "needs for XRP to be uh before they start"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:00.639",
    "end": "01:36:07.199",
    "text": "small scale in July?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:03.679",
    "end": "01:36:09.199",
    "text": "Um well"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:07.199",
    "end": "01:36:12.080",
    "text": "so the small scale is tokenization of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:09.199",
    "end": "01:36:14.480",
    "text": "ETFs"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:12.080",
    "end": "01:36:17.280",
    "text": "real time settlement moving to T plus0"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:14.480",
    "end": "01:36:18.719",
    "text": "is still usable on the entire back end"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:17.280",
    "end": "01:36:20.639",
    "text": "of the stock market irrespective of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:18.719",
    "end": "01:36:23.679",
    "text": "tokenization of the ETFs or other stocks"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:20.639",
    "end": "01:36:25.360",
    "text": "themselves. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:23.679",
    "end": "01:36:27.040",
    "text": "uh that would be the total volume you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:25.360",
    "end": "01:36:28.560",
    "text": "know four quadrillion dollars a year"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:27.040",
    "end": "01:36:31.440",
    "text": "that the back end of the stock market"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:28.560",
    "end": "01:36:33.040",
    "text": "settles uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:31.440",
    "end": "01:36:34.560",
    "text": "depending on how much XRP is available"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:33.040",
    "end": "01:36:37.120",
    "text": "for that application and how much"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:34.560",
    "end": "01:36:39.440",
    "text": "project ion is using"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:37.120",
    "end": "01:36:42.480",
    "text": "um very confident in three to four"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:39.440",
    "end": "01:36:43.760",
    "text": "digits. Again"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:42.480",
    "end": "01:36:45.520",
    "text": "you know you've got to have the macro"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:43.760",
    "end": "01:36:47.040",
    "text": "events play out and other catalyst to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:45.520",
    "end": "01:36:49.520",
    "text": "able to drive it to that price for them"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:47.040",
    "end": "01:36:52.960",
    "text": "to be able to use it for that certain"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:49.520",
    "end": "01:36:55.600",
    "text": "purpose. Um, but that is the math and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:52.960",
    "end": "01:36:57.199",
    "text": "how it works. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:55.600",
    "end": "01:36:59.520",
    "text": "again, depending on how much XRP is"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:57.199",
    "end": "01:37:00.880",
    "text": "available for that application, that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:36:59.520",
    "end": "01:37:05.280",
    "text": "that's the price point that I think it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:00.880",
    "end": "01:37:06.719",
    "text": "needs to be. Um, Apollo Jets, uh, he"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:05.280",
    "end": "01:37:09.199",
    "text": "says, \"Another question for you. If I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:06.719",
    "end": "01:37:10.639",
    "text": "were to relocate 50,000 XRP to the UP in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:09.199",
    "end": "01:37:12.480",
    "text": "the rare event that the government were"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:10.639",
    "end": "01:37:15.280",
    "text": "to attempt to confiscate or buy back,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:12.480",
    "end": "01:37:16.960",
    "text": "etc., XRP from retail investors, how"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:15.280",
    "end": "01:37:18.480",
    "text": "would that play out?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:16.960",
    "end": "01:37:20.400",
    "text": "Well,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:18.480",
    "end": "01:37:22.960",
    "text": "um, we would recommend that you would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:20.400",
    "end": "01:37:24.239",
    "text": "structure an LLC if you had that much."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:22.960",
    "end": "01:37:26.320",
    "text": "Uh, the government's not going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:24.239",
    "end": "01:37:29.679",
    "text": "confiscate XRP or digital assets from"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:26.320",
    "end": "01:37:33.280",
    "text": "organizations or companies."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:29.679",
    "end": "01:37:36.880",
    "text": "So, you would be just fine,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:33.280",
    "end": "01:37:38.320",
    "text": "not going to have that issue. Um, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:36.880",
    "end": "01:37:40.480",
    "text": "you would also have to sign to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:38.320",
    "end": "01:37:42.400",
    "text": "to move those assets. uh we can only"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:40.480",
    "end": "01:37:46.000",
    "text": "send it to whitelisted wallets that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:42.400",
    "end": "01:37:49.199",
    "text": "approved by you uh as the you know uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:46.000",
    "end": "01:37:50.560",
    "text": "for the benefit of on the account. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:49.199",
    "end": "01:37:51.840",
    "text": "there's no way that the government could"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:50.560",
    "end": "01:37:53.840",
    "text": "come in and say hey you know we're going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:51.840",
    "end": "01:37:56.239",
    "text": "to confiscate this crypto and you got to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:53.840",
    "end": "01:37:59.600",
    "text": "send it to this address."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:56.239",
    "end": "01:38:01.679",
    "text": "We we literally can't do that because we"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:37:59.600",
    "end": "01:38:03.840",
    "text": "can't whitelist wallets on your behalf."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:01.679",
    "end": "01:38:07.280",
    "text": "You you have to be the one to do that."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:03.840",
    "end": "01:38:08.560",
    "text": "So all that being said, not really a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:07.280",
    "end": "01:38:09.520",
    "text": "concern I have. I don't think they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:08.560",
    "end": "01:38:13.040",
    "text": "going to do that. I don't think they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:09.520",
    "end": "01:38:15.840",
    "text": "need our XRP. Um, but you know, between"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:13.040",
    "end": "01:38:17.360",
    "text": "having it in an LLC or corporation and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:15.840",
    "end": "01:38:20.000",
    "text": "also having it at Anchorage and parked"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:17.360",
    "end": "01:38:21.199",
    "text": "with Digital Wealth Partners,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:20.000",
    "end": "01:38:24.239",
    "text": "not going to be able to get it."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:21.199",
    "end": "01:38:26.159",
    "text": "Government's, you know, too bad, so sad."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:24.239",
    "end": "01:38:28.159",
    "text": "Uh, and if you want the additional"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:26.159",
    "end": "01:38:30.719",
    "text": "protections, again, the ir irrevocable"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:28.159",
    "end": "01:38:32.800",
    "text": "trust that we have set up, even if it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:30.719",
    "end": "01:38:34.800",
    "text": "custody to Anchorage, it could be moved"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:32.800",
    "end": "01:38:37.760",
    "text": "to a trust in the Cook Islands, which"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:34.800",
    "end": "01:38:39.760",
    "text": "the US government has never penetrated."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:37.760",
    "end": "01:38:41.920",
    "text": "uh and we can help you structure that if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:39.760",
    "end": "01:38:44.080",
    "text": "you are concerned about those things. So"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:41.920",
    "end": "01:38:45.600",
    "text": "if you wanted like five six layers of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:44.080",
    "end": "01:38:49.520",
    "text": "protection,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:45.600",
    "end": "01:38:52.239",
    "text": "we can make sure that it's set up. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:49.520",
    "end": "01:38:56.239",
    "text": "Mr. Watkins says, \"Jake, much respect."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:52.239",
    "end": "01:39:00.159",
    "text": "Can you do a 90 second deep dive on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:38:56.239",
    "end": "01:39:04.719",
    "text": "Foris Xi, a single asset liquidity pool"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:00.159",
    "end": "01:39:08.000",
    "text": "paying 18 to 26% APY on idle coins like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:04.719",
    "end": "01:39:10.560",
    "text": "XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, HAR? Is it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:08.000",
    "end": "01:39:12.960",
    "text": "something is something like that safe to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:10.560",
    "end": "01:39:15.960",
    "text": "earn on?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:12.960",
    "end": "01:39:15.960",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:18.480",
    "end": "01:39:22.560",
    "text": "I don't know what it is. So, let me"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:20.239",
    "end": "01:39:25.360",
    "text": "start there. I've never looked at it."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:22.560",
    "end": "01:39:27.440",
    "text": "Um, haven't had any conversations with"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:25.360",
    "end": "01:39:29.119",
    "text": "them on the institutional side. So, that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:27.440",
    "end": "01:39:31.920",
    "text": "gives me pause because we've talked to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:29.119",
    "end": "01:39:35.360",
    "text": "everybody that's doing anything"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:31.920",
    "end": "01:39:36.880",
    "text": "legitimate. Um, not to say if they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:35.360",
    "end": "01:39:38.639",
    "text": "offshore that they're not doing things"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:36.880",
    "end": "01:39:40.320",
    "text": "that are legitimate, but I mean, we've"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:38.639",
    "end": "01:39:41.920",
    "text": "even had conversations with Doppler and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:40.320",
    "end": "01:39:43.760",
    "text": "and Midas and everybody else that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:41.920",
    "end": "01:39:46.159",
    "text": "offshore doing their stuff. So, for me"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:43.760",
    "end": "01:39:49.199",
    "text": "to have never heard of it, um, gives me"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:46.159",
    "end": "01:39:51.520",
    "text": "pause. Again, not saying that it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:49.199",
    "end": "01:39:53.840",
    "text": "illegal or a Ponzi or that they're doing"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:51.520",
    "end": "01:39:56.960",
    "text": "anything malicious. Those type of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:53.840",
    "end": "01:39:59.840",
    "text": "returns can be generated."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:56.960",
    "end": "01:40:04.239",
    "text": "um you would be doing like predatory"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:39:59.840",
    "end": "01:40:05.679",
    "text": "lending or MCA loans or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:04.239",
    "end": "01:40:09.440",
    "text": "uh something of that nature to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:05.679",
    "end": "01:40:10.719",
    "text": "to generate that type of return. Um to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:09.440",
    "end": "01:40:12.400",
    "text": "be able to pass that much to the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:10.719",
    "end": "01:40:18.760",
    "text": "investors in the pool on a regular"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:12.400",
    "end": "01:40:18.760",
    "text": "basis. It's possible. I've seen it. Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:19.040",
    "end": "01:40:23.440",
    "text": "probably not something I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:20.560",
    "end": "01:40:28.239",
    "text": "participate in personally. Uh I just"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:23.440",
    "end": "01:40:29.920",
    "text": "that's above my risk tolerance. Um, so I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:28.239",
    "end": "01:40:31.440",
    "text": "would have to do a bunch of research and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:29.920",
    "end": "01:40:34.080",
    "text": "due diligence before I'd be able to give"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:31.440",
    "end": "01:40:36.000",
    "text": "you the definitive answer on it. Uh, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:34.080",
    "end": "01:40:38.239",
    "text": "but viscerally,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:36.000",
    "end": "01:40:40.320",
    "text": "um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:38.239",
    "end": "01:40:41.760",
    "text": "it's probably higher than my personal"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:40.320",
    "end": "01:40:44.320",
    "text": "risk tolerance, so it's not something"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:41.760",
    "end": "01:40:46.800",
    "text": "that I would look at allocating to. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:44.320",
    "end": "01:40:48.159",
    "text": "not to say that it is outside the risk"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:46.800",
    "end": "01:40:50.400",
    "text": "tolerance of many other people in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:48.159",
    "end": "01:40:52.480",
    "text": "crypto. Obviously, you know, they've"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:50.400",
    "end": "01:40:54.239",
    "text": "gained traction in the market. It sounds"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:52.480",
    "end": "01:40:56.480",
    "text": "like a great deal, right? like if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:54.239",
    "end": "01:40:58.960",
    "text": "could park your XRP, Salana, Bitcoin, H"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:56.480",
    "end": "01:41:00.639",
    "text": "bar, whatever else it was that might be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:40:58.960",
    "end": "01:41:03.600",
    "text": "idle capital with them and be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:00.639",
    "end": "01:41:05.440",
    "text": "generate those types of returns. Um, I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:03.600",
    "end": "01:41:07.360",
    "text": "would want to understand how the assets"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:05.440",
    "end": "01:41:09.520",
    "text": "are held, if they're segregated, if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:07.360",
    "end": "01:41:11.920",
    "text": "they're in qualified custody, if they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:09.520",
    "end": "01:41:14.080",
    "text": "bankruptcy remote, how are they insured,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:11.920",
    "end": "01:41:16.960",
    "text": "am I a creditor of the pool, what's the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:14.080",
    "end": "01:41:18.639",
    "text": "lockup period, how is the yield being"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:16.960",
    "end": "01:41:19.920",
    "text": "generated, how are you guys underwriting"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:18.639",
    "end": "01:41:21.280",
    "text": "the risk on the things that you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:19.920",
    "end": "01:41:23.920",
    "text": "investing in in order to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:21.280",
    "end": "01:41:26.800",
    "text": "generate those types of returns. Um, are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:23.920",
    "end": "01:41:30.560",
    "text": "there rewards being paid to other people"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:26.800",
    "end": "01:41:32.719",
    "text": "getting people into the pool? Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:30.560",
    "end": "01:41:34.080",
    "text": "there's just a lot of stuff that I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:32.719",
    "end": "01:41:35.840",
    "text": "have to look through in order to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:34.080",
    "end": "01:41:38.800",
    "text": "to determine if I thought it was"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:35.840",
    "end": "01:41:40.639",
    "text": "legitimate or not. But again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:38.800",
    "end": "01:41:42.320",
    "text": "visceral reaction because I haven't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:40.639",
    "end": "01:41:44.800",
    "text": "heard of them before and I really don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:42.320",
    "end": "01:41:46.480",
    "text": "know what it is and the level of returns"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:44.800",
    "end": "01:41:48.320",
    "text": "that they're paying out in the current"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:46.480",
    "end": "01:41:49.440",
    "text": "market conditions."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:48.320",
    "end": "01:41:53.320",
    "text": "It's not something that I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:49.440",
    "end": "01:41:53.320",
    "text": "personally allocate to."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:53.679",
    "end": "01:41:58.960",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:55.280",
    "end": "01:42:02.880",
    "text": "Christ is king. Great name. God is good"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:41:58.960",
    "end": "01:42:06.639",
    "text": "all the time. Uh, he says, \"If I claim"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:02.880",
    "end": "01:42:09.280",
    "text": "exemption on W2 now to put extra money"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:06.639",
    "end": "01:42:12.880",
    "text": "in XRP in hopes that they would get rid"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:09.280",
    "end": "01:42:17.600",
    "text": "of the Fed, will I still owe back taxes?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:12.880",
    "end": "01:42:20.600",
    "text": "Bring back revolution over 2% Tax.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:17.600",
    "end": "01:42:20.600",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:25.360",
    "end": "01:42:31.840",
    "text": "I mean, you can claim up to seven on on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:28.080",
    "end": "01:42:37.920",
    "text": "your taxes and basically not pay any uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:31.840",
    "end": "01:42:41.040",
    "text": "in, you know, W2 employment tax. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:37.920",
    "end": "01:42:44.040",
    "text": "Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:41.040",
    "end": "01:42:44.040",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:45.920",
    "end": "01:42:50.639",
    "text": "if you're willing to take that risk,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:47.679",
    "end": "01:42:51.840",
    "text": "that's on you."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:50.639",
    "end": "01:42:54.800",
    "text": "It's not something that I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:51.840",
    "end": "01:42:56.800",
    "text": "personally do."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:54.800",
    "end": "01:42:59.760",
    "text": "Again, I'm with everybody else. I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:56.800",
    "end": "01:43:01.440",
    "text": "love the IRS to just go away. I I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:42:59.760",
    "end": "01:43:03.920",
    "text": "that the Treasury is going to take over"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:01.440",
    "end": "01:43:05.520",
    "text": "and issue new money. Uh even Worsh has"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:03.920",
    "end": "01:43:07.600",
    "text": "talked about consolidating the Fed's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:05.520",
    "end": "01:43:09.440",
    "text": "balance sheet uh and the Fed the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:07.600",
    "end": "01:43:11.600",
    "text": "Treasury moving to being able to issue"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:09.440",
    "end": "01:43:15.280",
    "text": "the currency for the US. So I have a lot"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:11.600",
    "end": "01:43:16.560",
    "text": "of hope for that. Um however, I don't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:15.280",
    "end": "01:43:18.239",
    "text": "think taxes are just going to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:16.560",
    "end": "01:43:20.320",
    "text": "relegated to a thing of the past. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:18.239",
    "end": "01:43:23.520",
    "text": "think that they'll be reduced over time"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:20.320",
    "end": "01:43:25.520",
    "text": "as they roll out AI and GDP increases"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:23.520",
    "end": "01:43:27.280",
    "text": "exponentially."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:25.520",
    "end": "01:43:31.040",
    "text": "They'll be paying UBI to people. that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:27.280",
    "end": "01:43:33.520",
    "text": "we, you know, Bezos came out um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:31.040",
    "end": "01:43:35.520",
    "text": "yesterday and said, you know, lower wage"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:33.520",
    "end": "01:43:37.840",
    "text": "earners shouldn't be taxed. I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:35.520",
    "end": "01:43:39.440",
    "text": "agree with him. I think that tax is is"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:37.840",
    "end": "01:43:42.239",
    "text": "way too high for people that are earning"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:39.440",
    "end": "01:43:44.000",
    "text": "less than like $150,000 a year. I think"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:42.239",
    "end": "01:43:45.520",
    "text": "it's very difficult to live on less than"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:44.000",
    "end": "01:43:47.520",
    "text": "that, especially if you're, you know, a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:45.520",
    "end": "01:43:48.639",
    "text": "married couple earning that much,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:47.520",
    "end": "01:43:52.639",
    "text": "depending on what part of the country"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:48.639",
    "end": "01:43:54.320",
    "text": "you're in. like it's rough um to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:52.639",
    "end": "01:43:56.400",
    "text": "to afford food and have multiple kids"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:54.320",
    "end": "01:43:58.320",
    "text": "and pay for all the things that you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:56.400",
    "end": "01:44:01.520",
    "text": "doing on on that salary, especially if"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:43:58.320",
    "end": "01:44:03.520",
    "text": "taxes are eating into that. So, you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:01.520",
    "end": "01:44:06.080",
    "text": "know, I I've said before, I think we're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:03.520",
    "end": "01:44:08.480",
    "text": "moving to a high universal basic income"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:06.080",
    "end": "01:44:11.119",
    "text": "type situation. uh they'll be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:08.480",
    "end": "01:44:13.760",
    "text": "pay that with, you know, the GDP that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:11.119",
    "end": "01:44:16.159",
    "text": "created through a the agentic economy"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:13.760",
    "end": "01:44:17.840",
    "text": "and uh humanoid robots and all the other"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:16.159",
    "end": "01:44:19.280",
    "text": "crazy futuristic stuff that's actually"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:17.840",
    "end": "01:44:22.159",
    "text": "going to exist in the not too distant"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:19.280",
    "end": "01:44:24.800",
    "text": "future. Um and again, hopefully that the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:22.159",
    "end": "01:44:26.639",
    "text": "IRS goes away and you know, we have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:24.800",
    "end": "01:44:28.239",
    "text": "self- sustaining systems that are able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:26.639",
    "end": "01:44:30.400",
    "text": "to generate enough revenue to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:28.239",
    "end": "01:44:32.239",
    "text": "pay out social security uh without"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:30.400",
    "end": "01:44:33.760",
    "text": "continued contributions, tariffs, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:32.239",
    "end": "01:44:36.560",
    "text": "other mechanisms to be able to generate"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:33.760",
    "end": "01:44:38.080",
    "text": "that as well. Uh, but until that's the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:36.560",
    "end": "01:44:41.199",
    "text": "case,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:38.080",
    "end": "01:44:46.719",
    "text": "I'm not going to skirt the IRS."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:41.199",
    "end": "01:44:49.679",
    "text": "Um, that's how you go to jail. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:46.719",
    "end": "01:44:51.600",
    "text": "yeah, that's my two cents on it. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:49.679",
    "end": "01:44:54.320",
    "text": "could take the gamble again. Probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:51.600",
    "end": "01:44:57.520",
    "text": "you should talk with a CPA is probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:54.320",
    "end": "01:45:01.440",
    "text": "what I should tell you. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:44:57.520",
    "end": "01:45:04.159",
    "text": "uh, I get I getting it. Uh, 310 says,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:01.440",
    "end": "01:45:06.239",
    "text": "\"Mr. Jakester, Beyond Mastermind here.\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:04.159",
    "end": "01:45:08.000",
    "text": "Uh there is no better community out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:06.239",
    "end": "01:45:09.440",
    "text": "there. Just want to say appreciate all"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:08.000",
    "end": "01:45:12.239",
    "text": "the mods, Living Me Legacy, Til"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:09.440",
    "end": "01:45:14.800",
    "text": "Valhalla, etc. Uh you're such a genuine"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:12.239",
    "end": "01:45:17.360",
    "text": "dude. Uh it's definitely appreciated."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:14.800",
    "end": "01:45:19.440",
    "text": "Thank you, man. Um I agree with you. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:17.360",
    "end": "01:45:23.360",
    "text": "know, I have a strong bias and affinity"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:19.440",
    "end": "01:45:26.719",
    "text": "for the mastermind. Uh but"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:23.360",
    "end": "01:45:30.080",
    "text": "um you know, all that being said, I I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:26.719",
    "end": "01:45:32.320",
    "text": "wouldn't It's surreal to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:30.080",
    "end": "01:45:34.320",
    "text": "see it come to fruition like it has and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:32.320",
    "end": "01:45:38.239",
    "text": "see the culture that's been built there."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:34.320",
    "end": "01:45:40.639",
    "text": "Uh I I'm at a loss for words most times."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:38.239",
    "end": "01:45:43.040",
    "text": "So many people want to help other people"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:40.639",
    "end": "01:45:44.719",
    "text": "um navigate things that we have the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:43.040",
    "end": "01:45:47.360",
    "text": "learn do teach model. We're rolling out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:44.719",
    "end": "01:45:49.119",
    "text": "other courses. Um, and we have so many"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:47.360",
    "end": "01:45:52.639",
    "text": "goodhearted people that want to create"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:49.119",
    "end": "01:45:55.360",
    "text": "change in society and leave impacts and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:52.639",
    "end": "01:45:57.920",
    "text": "legacies uh for, you know, whatever"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:55.360",
    "end": "01:45:59.520",
    "text": "cause or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:57.920",
    "end": "01:46:01.760",
    "text": "um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:45:59.520",
    "end": "01:46:03.119",
    "text": "charity or whatever they want to set up."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:01.760",
    "end": "01:46:04.719",
    "text": "I think that that's, again, I've said"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:03.119",
    "end": "01:46:05.920",
    "text": "this before on the live stream, but I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:04.719",
    "end": "01:46:07.920",
    "text": "pretty confident that that's going to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:05.920",
    "end": "01:46:09.920",
    "text": "the biggest legacy of the mastermind is"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:07.920",
    "end": "01:46:11.520",
    "text": "all the philanthropic organizations and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:09.920",
    "end": "01:46:13.199",
    "text": "great good that people there in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:11.520",
    "end": "01:46:14.320",
    "text": "group are going to do. So, thank you for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:13.199",
    "end": "01:46:16.639",
    "text": "being a part of it. Thank you for"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:14.320",
    "end": "01:46:18.320",
    "text": "advocating for it. Uh, and again, if any"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:16.639",
    "end": "01:46:20.560",
    "text": "of that resonates with you and you want"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:18.320",
    "end": "01:46:22.639",
    "text": "to check it out, try it. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:20.560",
    "end": "01:46:24.719",
    "text": "monthtomonth, no contract, cancel"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:22.639",
    "end": "01:46:26.639",
    "text": "anytime, uh, you can use the code"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:24.719",
    "end": "01:46:28.639",
    "text": "beyondb broke all capitalized number one"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:26.639",
    "end": "01:46:31.040",
    "text": "and then M like Mary Oscar gets you the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:28.639",
    "end": "01:46:34.880",
    "text": "first month for two bucks over there at"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:31.040",
    "end": "01:46:39.679",
    "text": "the beyondbroke masterastermind.com."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:34.880",
    "end": "01:46:41.360",
    "text": "Um, XRP Cars says, Jake, uh, any updates"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:39.679",
    "end": "01:46:43.760",
    "text": "with Uphold because I'm still waiting on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:41.360",
    "end": "01:46:45.920",
    "text": "the LLC to be able to finalize. your LLC"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:43.760",
    "end": "01:46:48.480",
    "text": "is finalized. By the way, if you filed"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:45.920",
    "end": "01:46:50.400",
    "text": "for the LLC, like that part's done. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:48.480",
    "end": "01:46:51.679",
    "text": "there is a bug in the app that we"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:50.400",
    "end": "01:46:54.159",
    "text": "discovered today that still shows"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:51.679",
    "end": "01:46:56.480",
    "text": "pending for some people's LLC's. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:54.159",
    "end": "01:46:58.400",
    "text": "that's our bad on that. We we've got a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:56.480",
    "end": "01:46:59.920",
    "text": "fix being pushed for that. So, you'll be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:58.400",
    "end": "01:47:02.480",
    "text": "able to access all your documents and do"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:46:59.920",
    "end": "01:47:03.600",
    "text": "all that. The only thing that you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:02.480",
    "end": "01:47:05.119",
    "text": "talking about here, and that's the next"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:03.600",
    "end": "01:47:07.600",
    "text": "question, says, \"Can I buy XRP through"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:05.119",
    "end": "01:47:12.239",
    "text": "DAG indirectly instead of Robin Hood?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:07.600",
    "end": "01:47:14.880",
    "text": "Yes, you can. um as soon as Uphold goes"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:12.239",
    "end": "01:47:18.080",
    "text": "through the KYB uh we have a little over"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:14.880",
    "end": "01:47:19.360",
    "text": "a thousand counts um that have currently"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:18.080",
    "end": "01:47:21.840",
    "text": "you know made it through that process"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:19.360",
    "end": "01:47:24.639",
    "text": "and have that trading capability enabled"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:21.840",
    "end": "01:47:26.880",
    "text": "uh in the application. Again, I'm very"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:24.639",
    "end": "01:47:29.760",
    "text": "sorry for the delay. I appreciate your"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:26.880",
    "end": "01:47:32.159",
    "text": "patience and grace in the process. um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:29.760",
    "end": "01:47:34.400",
    "text": "Uphold was extremely overwhelmed even"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:32.159",
    "end": "01:47:36.000",
    "text": "though we told them"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:34.400",
    "end": "01:47:37.280",
    "text": "you're going to see a significant volume"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:36.000",
    "end": "01:47:38.800",
    "text": "of people move through the app in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:37.280",
    "end": "01:47:40.800",
    "text": "first couple weeks and they were like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:38.800",
    "end": "01:47:44.239",
    "text": "yeah yeah we hear that all the time and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:40.800",
    "end": "01:47:46.080",
    "text": "then it did and they were like oh no uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:44.239",
    "end": "01:47:47.679",
    "text": "crap."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:46.080",
    "end": "01:47:48.960",
    "text": "So they they're doing great. They're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:47.679",
    "end": "01:47:50.239",
    "text": "finally getting through the backlog and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:48.960",
    "end": "01:47:52.239",
    "text": "slogging through it. I appreciate all"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:50.239",
    "end": "01:47:53.760",
    "text": "their help on it. Um so if you haven't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:52.239",
    "end": "01:47:56.639",
    "text": "been approved yet I would expect to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:53.760",
    "end": "01:47:59.679",
    "text": "approved in the next 7 to 10 days. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:56.639",
    "end": "01:48:01.040",
    "text": "know that's a long time. Uh and again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:47:59.679",
    "end": "01:48:03.119",
    "text": "we're doing everything we can to push"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:01.040",
    "end": "01:48:04.719",
    "text": "that along as fast as we can. They're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:03.119",
    "end": "01:48:07.440",
    "text": "building systems. They have all their"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:04.719",
    "end": "01:48:09.440",
    "text": "entire compliance team reviewing our"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:07.440",
    "end": "01:48:12.320",
    "text": "KYBS to like get people through the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:09.440",
    "end": "01:48:13.760",
    "text": "pipeline. Um so, as soon as that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:12.320",
    "end": "01:48:16.400",
    "text": "available, yes, you will be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:13.760",
    "end": "01:48:17.920",
    "text": "purchase uh at a at a lesser cost than"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:16.400",
    "end": "01:48:20.400",
    "text": "what it cost you on Uphold or pretty"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:17.920",
    "end": "01:48:22.320",
    "text": "much any other retail application out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:20.400",
    "end": "01:48:23.840",
    "text": "there to be able to buy XRP inside the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:22.320",
    "end": "01:48:25.600",
    "text": "app."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:23.840",
    "end": "01:48:28.960",
    "text": "Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:25.600",
    "end": "01:48:30.800",
    "text": "I can't say when Christ is king. Again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:28.960",
    "end": "01:48:32.560",
    "text": "like I said, I I feel like that's going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:30.800",
    "end": "01:48:34.719",
    "text": "to happen before the tokenization of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:32.560",
    "end": "01:48:37.360",
    "text": "stock market. So, if that gives you a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:34.719",
    "end": "01:48:40.920",
    "text": "time frame, you know, and again, that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:37.360",
    "end": "01:48:40.920",
    "text": "just my best guess."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:41.040",
    "end": "01:48:47.520",
    "text": "Um, this person says, \"What would limit"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:44.880",
    "end": "01:48:50.080",
    "text": "XRP to be used only around 10 times a"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:47.520",
    "end": "01:48:55.360",
    "text": "day instead of 28,000 times?\" Gemini"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:50.080",
    "end": "01:48:58.560",
    "text": "says it can do. Um, again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:55.360",
    "end": "01:49:00.880",
    "text": "go talk to Robbie Mitchnik."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:48:58.560",
    "end": "01:49:02.480",
    "text": "You don't I don't know the answer. I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:00.880",
    "end": "01:49:04.080",
    "text": "going off of what he's stated in the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:02.480",
    "end": "01:49:06.639",
    "text": "past. There's other things that David"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:04.080",
    "end": "01:49:07.760",
    "text": "Schwarz has stated in the past. I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:06.639",
    "end": "01:49:09.920",
    "text": "going to go with the people that built"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:07.760",
    "end": "01:49:13.360",
    "text": "the network that know how all this stuff"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:09.920",
    "end": "01:49:15.199",
    "text": "works. Um, I again, like I've said many"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:13.360",
    "end": "01:49:18.080",
    "text": "times, I know enough to be dangerous. I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:15.199",
    "end": "01:49:20.639",
    "text": "am not a coder. I have not, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:18.080",
    "end": "01:49:22.560",
    "text": "been able to like rewrite the XRPL and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:20.639",
    "end": "01:49:24.560",
    "text": "understand every little intricacy in it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:22.560",
    "end": "01:49:26.239",
    "text": "or why organizations are limited in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:24.560",
    "end": "01:49:30.239",
    "text": "their capacity to use it, you know, over"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:26.239",
    "end": "01:49:33.040",
    "text": "a certain duration of time. Um, for his"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:30.239",
    "end": "01:49:36.080",
    "text": "calculator to show that number and that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:33.040",
    "end": "01:49:38.719",
    "text": "was the max you could push it to, um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:36.080",
    "end": "01:49:40.639",
    "text": "until I interview Robbie Mitchnik, uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:38.719",
    "end": "01:49:43.280",
    "text": "and get to talk to him in person and ask"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:40.639",
    "end": "01:49:46.560",
    "text": "him that question, I don't know the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:43.280",
    "end": "01:49:47.920",
    "text": "answer. I'm just going off of, you know,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:46.560",
    "end": "01:49:49.760",
    "text": "again, the guy that's the head of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:47.920",
    "end": "01:49:52.400",
    "text": "digital asset division at Black Rockck"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:49.760",
    "end": "01:49:55.760",
    "text": "and what he put together."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:52.400",
    "end": "01:49:58.639",
    "text": "Uh, and again, LLMs can say whatever"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:55.760",
    "end": "01:50:02.239",
    "text": "they want. U, they are not the end- all"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:49:58.639",
    "end": "01:50:05.199",
    "text": "beall. They are a great tool. Um, but"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:02.239",
    "end": "01:50:06.560",
    "text": "they, you know, you should still"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:05.199",
    "end": "01:50:08.239",
    "text": "continue to question some of the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:06.560",
    "end": "01:50:10.960",
    "text": "information that's being provided to you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:08.239",
    "end": "01:50:13.760",
    "text": "through them. Um, because it's not"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:10.960",
    "end": "01:50:16.760",
    "text": "always accurate. It's about 80% 85%"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:13.760",
    "end": "01:50:16.760",
    "text": "accurate."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:16.800",
    "end": "01:50:21.280",
    "text": "Um, let's see here. I'm going to go"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:19.840",
    "end": "01:50:24.639",
    "text": "ahead and wrap it after this one"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:21.280",
    "end": "01:50:26.320",
    "text": "probably. Uh, Stuart, uh, Turkey Link,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:24.639",
    "end": "01:50:28.239",
    "text": "he says, \"Random question. Just curious."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:26.320",
    "end": "01:50:29.840",
    "text": "Are you in a tea lady different from"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:28.239",
    "end": "01:50:33.600",
    "text": "different parts of Texas? Her accent"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:29.840",
    "end": "01:50:36.880",
    "text": "sounds much more classic Texan uh, to an"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:33.600",
    "end": "01:50:40.880",
    "text": "outsider.\" Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:36.880",
    "end": "01:50:43.199",
    "text": "it, you know, I don't want to like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:40.880",
    "end": "01:50:44.800",
    "text": "not really. So, when we were we were"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:43.199",
    "end": "01:50:47.840",
    "text": "both young, we were actually in the same"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:44.800",
    "end": "01:50:50.960",
    "text": "city. Um, and then she moved further out"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:47.840",
    "end": "01:50:55.199",
    "text": "East Texas and grew up there. I stayed,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:50.960",
    "end": "01:50:59.320",
    "text": "you know, closer to Dallas. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:55.199",
    "end": "01:50:59.320",
    "text": "depending on who I'm around,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:50:59.440",
    "end": "01:51:07.040",
    "text": "I have a deep twang. uh you know, so"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:04.719",
    "end": "01:51:09.679",
    "text": "you know, on here, this is how I talk"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:07.040",
    "end": "01:51:13.920",
    "text": "most of the time. Uh but if if I'm"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:09.679",
    "end": "01:51:16.000",
    "text": "around my wife or if we're at a rodeo um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:13.920",
    "end": "01:51:18.719",
    "text": "and I'm around the right people, I I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:16.000",
    "end": "01:51:20.320",
    "text": "definitely get a lot more Texan with my"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:18.719",
    "end": "01:51:23.440",
    "text": "accent"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:20.320",
    "end": "01:51:26.560",
    "text": "um than what I what I share on here. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:23.440",
    "end": "01:51:29.840",
    "text": "um, yeah, that would be all I could say"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:26.560",
    "end": "01:51:32.800",
    "text": "to it is, uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:29.840",
    "end": "01:51:34.880",
    "text": "a little bit. I mean, just like if you I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:32.800",
    "end": "01:51:37.280",
    "text": "guess it's kind of like if you were in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:34.880",
    "end": "01:51:39.520",
    "text": "like different parts of New York and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:37.280",
    "end": "01:51:42.480",
    "text": "you're from New York, you can tell what"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:39.520",
    "end": "01:51:44.880",
    "text": "street somebody grew up on. Same thing"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:42.480",
    "end": "01:51:46.800",
    "text": "in um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:44.880",
    "end": "01:51:48.639",
    "text": "like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:46.800",
    "end": "01:51:50.719",
    "text": "Europe"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:48.639",
    "end": "01:51:54.000",
    "text": "there. There's kind of like little sects"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:50.719",
    "end": "01:51:56.560",
    "text": "or areas that have just certain words or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:54.000",
    "end": "01:51:58.320",
    "text": "ways that they say things that are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:56.560",
    "end": "01:52:02.239",
    "text": "different even just a few streets or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:51:58.320",
    "end": "01:52:03.599",
    "text": "blocks over from one another. Um, so"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:02.239",
    "end": "01:52:04.880",
    "text": "yeah, maybe there's that's the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:03.599",
    "end": "01:52:07.520",
    "text": "difference there as well is just the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:04.880",
    "end": "01:52:11.440",
    "text": "geographical difference in where we grew"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:07.520",
    "end": "01:52:14.080",
    "text": "up here in the great state of Texas. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:11.440",
    "end": "01:52:17.080",
    "text": "what are your thoughts on dinar hold or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:14.080",
    "end": "01:52:17.080",
    "text": "pass?"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:17.440",
    "end": "01:52:20.880",
    "text": "People aren't going to like my answer on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:18.960",
    "end": "01:52:22.320",
    "text": "this one. I've said this before and we"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:20.880",
    "end": "01:52:26.960",
    "text": "have a lot of clients that hold a lot of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:22.320",
    "end": "01:52:29.040",
    "text": "dinar and zong and dim. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:26.960",
    "end": "01:52:31.119",
    "text": "look,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:29.040",
    "end": "01:52:33.199",
    "text": "I hope you guys are right. I hope you'll"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:31.119",
    "end": "01:52:35.920",
    "text": "make so much money and I am just"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:33.199",
    "end": "01:52:38.800",
    "text": "ignorant and I completely passed on it."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:35.920",
    "end": "01:52:40.719",
    "text": "Um, and it gets revalued in the same way"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:38.800",
    "end": "01:52:44.880",
    "text": "that that that people think it's going"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:40.719",
    "end": "01:52:46.320",
    "text": "to. I I look at history in the past and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:44.880",
    "end": "01:52:48.560",
    "text": "how this stuff's gone. And when there's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:46.320",
    "end": "01:52:50.000",
    "text": "revaluations on currency, they issue new"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:48.560",
    "end": "01:52:54.000",
    "text": "currency and there's an exchange rate"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:50.000",
    "end": "01:52:55.440",
    "text": "from the old currency to the new one."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:54.000",
    "end": "01:52:57.040",
    "text": "I would love that not to be the case"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:55.440",
    "end": "01:52:59.040",
    "text": "with the dinar. I would love them to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:57.040",
    "end": "01:53:00.639",
    "text": "just back it with oil and the price to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:52:59.040",
    "end": "01:53:02.400",
    "text": "skyrocket in comparison to everybody"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:00.639",
    "end": "01:53:04.560",
    "text": "else. Uh and people that are holding"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:02.400",
    "end": "01:53:07.199",
    "text": "that currency make a ton of money"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:04.560",
    "end": "01:53:10.719",
    "text": "because again like a ton of our clients"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:07.199",
    "end": "01:53:12.480",
    "text": "hold significant allocations to it. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:10.719",
    "end": "01:53:15.440",
    "text": "for me, I don't I don't personally have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:12.480",
    "end": "01:53:16.880",
    "text": "any exposure. Uh I think it's going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:15.440",
    "end": "01:53:19.360",
    "text": "go a way that a lot of people aren't"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:16.880",
    "end": "01:53:24.000",
    "text": "hoping for. Uh but again, I would love"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:19.360",
    "end": "01:53:26.000",
    "text": "to be wrong about that and just I'm okay"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:24.000",
    "end": "01:53:29.199",
    "text": "with the XRP exposure that I have."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:26.000",
    "end": "01:53:32.080",
    "text": "That's that's my game. Um I know that I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:29.199",
    "end": "01:53:34.560",
    "text": "missed some super chats here."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:32.080",
    "end": "01:53:35.920",
    "text": "Uh oh, man. All right, we got we got six"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:34.560",
    "end": "01:53:38.159",
    "text": "minutes. I'm going to rapid fire these"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:35.920",
    "end": "01:53:41.679",
    "text": "because they're they're some good ones."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:38.159",
    "end": "01:53:43.360",
    "text": "Um, APMM says, \"God bless you, sir. Uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:41.679",
    "end": "01:53:45.599",
    "text": "guide to how to protect your crypto"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:43.360",
    "end": "01:53:49.199",
    "text": "against future threat. Uh, what silly"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:45.599",
    "end": "01:53:52.480",
    "text": "things people do and loss all with due"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:49.199",
    "end": "01:53:54.880",
    "text": "respect, uh, we do have, we hope you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:52.480",
    "end": "01:53:57.840",
    "text": "will stay on the right side if they come"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:54.880",
    "end": "01:54:01.360",
    "text": "to buy your integrity."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:53:57.840",
    "end": "01:54:03.760",
    "text": "I don't know who they is. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:01.360",
    "end": "01:54:06.960",
    "text": "but"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:03.760",
    "end": "01:54:09.440",
    "text": "if if they show up, I will I will tell"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:06.960",
    "end": "01:54:14.719",
    "text": "them what for."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:09.440",
    "end": "01:54:18.880",
    "text": "Um, Cody, he says, \"I got HAR, XRP, TA,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:14.719",
    "end": "01:54:21.040",
    "text": "VVV, ICP, Zbec, Caspa, and Monad. Har"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:18.880",
    "end": "01:54:25.040",
    "text": "worth holding. Thinking about selling"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:21.040",
    "end": "01:54:27.679",
    "text": "for more XRP. XRP fills higher ROI."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:25.040",
    "end": "01:54:28.960",
    "text": "Thoughts?\" I think XRP is a higher ROI"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:27.679",
    "end": "01:54:33.520",
    "text": "than anything else you're holding"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:28.960",
    "end": "01:54:36.159",
    "text": "personally. Um ICP has a big all-time"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:33.520",
    "end": "01:54:39.280",
    "text": "high. I don't know what VVV is. TA's got"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:36.159",
    "end": "01:54:41.199",
    "text": "Bit Tensor."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:39.280",
    "end": "01:54:43.119",
    "text": "You know, I know people have gone to go"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:41.199",
    "end": "01:54:45.280",
    "text": "work for that deal and then change"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:43.119",
    "end": "01:54:48.239",
    "text": "positions. Uh not to say that it's not"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:45.280",
    "end": "01:54:50.000",
    "text": "good. Um it's just not my cup of tea. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:48.239",
    "end": "01:54:54.159",
    "text": "Zbeck, I think, has a very niche"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:50.000",
    "end": "01:54:56.000",
    "text": "application for payrolls. Um, it's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:54.159",
    "end": "01:54:57.199",
    "text": "great, but I just don't know that the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:56.000",
    "end": "01:54:58.400",
    "text": "price appreciation is going to be there"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:57.199",
    "end": "01:55:02.239",
    "text": "in the capacity a lot of people are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:54:58.400",
    "end": "01:55:04.560",
    "text": "hoping for. Uh, Caspa, ah, that's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:02.239",
    "end": "01:55:06.400",
    "text": "another one I'm like,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:04.560",
    "end": "01:55:08.320",
    "text": "I don't know. I don't know enough about"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:06.400",
    "end": "01:55:10.320",
    "text": "it to to really comment one way or the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:08.320",
    "end": "01:55:12.159",
    "text": "other. Same thing with Monad. So, uh,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:10.320",
    "end": "01:55:15.520",
    "text": "out of the ones that you have, I would"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:12.159",
    "end": "01:55:18.960",
    "text": "be the biggest advocate for e XRP and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:15.520",
    "end": "01:55:21.040",
    "text": "har personally. Um, again, this is just"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:18.960",
    "end": "01:55:22.480",
    "text": "one man's opinion. you should probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:21.040",
    "end": "01:55:24.000",
    "text": "listen to a bunch of other people to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:22.480",
    "end": "01:55:27.440",
    "text": "come to your own conclusions. It sounds"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:24.000",
    "end": "01:55:28.800",
    "text": "like you have um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:27.440",
    "end": "01:55:31.599",
    "text": "you know can't give you financial"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:28.800",
    "end": "01:55:33.360",
    "text": "advice. Uh if you you know are"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:31.599",
    "end": "01:55:35.760",
    "text": "diversified like you are, it's probably"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:33.360",
    "end": "01:55:38.320",
    "text": "good to have exposure across the board."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:35.760",
    "end": "01:55:40.560",
    "text": "Um if you have uncertainties about which"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:38.320",
    "end": "01:55:41.760",
    "text": "one of these is going to be the thing or"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:40.560",
    "end": "01:55:44.480",
    "text": "uh which ones are going to work out and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:41.760",
    "end": "01:55:45.679",
    "text": "which ones aren't and so you know you're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:44.480",
    "end": "01:55:47.520",
    "text": "probably doing the right thing for you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:45.679",
    "end": "01:55:49.199",
    "text": "and your financial position uh just"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:47.520",
    "end": "01:55:50.560",
    "text": "based on you know the allocations that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:49.199",
    "end": "01:55:52.639",
    "text": "you have. I think you condensed it"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:50.560",
    "end": "01:55:54.159",
    "text": "pretty well. It's not like you have 50"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:52.639",
    "end": "01:55:56.320",
    "text": "different cryptos. It sounds like you've"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:54.159",
    "end": "01:55:59.520",
    "text": "gone deep on, you know, one, two, three,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:56.320",
    "end": "01:56:01.360",
    "text": "four, five, six, seven, eight positions."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:55:59.520",
    "end": "01:56:04.560",
    "text": "I did really well on 13 positions in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:01.360",
    "end": "01:56:08.239",
    "text": "2020 and 2021. And I think I was over"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:04.560",
    "end": "01:56:10.560",
    "text": "diversified uh during that period. So,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:08.239",
    "end": "01:56:13.920",
    "text": "um yeah, that's that's my thoughts"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:10.560",
    "end": "01:56:16.880",
    "text": "there. Uh and then cosmic wind and fire,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:13.920",
    "end": "01:56:19.920",
    "text": "actually, sorry, cosmic fire within,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:16.880",
    "end": "01:56:21.840",
    "text": "excuse me. Uh they say, \"Hey Jake, just"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:19.920",
    "end": "01:56:23.840",
    "text": "curious how we get institutional"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:21.840",
    "end": "01:56:27.880",
    "text": "adoption for XRP. Won't the banks use"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:23.840",
    "end": "01:56:27.880",
    "text": "Ripple's stable coin?\""
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:29.599",
    "end": "01:56:34.880",
    "text": "Uh Ripple states its main thing to sell"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:32.719",
    "end": "01:56:38.679",
    "text": "XRP to fund operations. Just trying to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:34.880",
    "end": "01:56:38.679",
    "text": "make sense of all these coins."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:38.880",
    "end": "01:56:42.800",
    "text": "Um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:40.960",
    "end": "01:56:44.800",
    "text": "you know what? There will be a video"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:42.800",
    "end": "01:56:48.400",
    "text": "that's released here in the next three"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:44.800",
    "end": "01:56:50.080",
    "text": "to five days that explains all that."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:48.400",
    "end": "01:56:51.920",
    "text": "uh it'll be out on the channel. It's XRP"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:50.080",
    "end": "01:56:56.880",
    "text": "versus ROUSD."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:51.920",
    "end": "01:56:58.960",
    "text": "Um and it'll give you a full sense of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:56.880",
    "end": "01:57:03.360",
    "text": "what those two do and why one would be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:56:58.960",
    "end": "01:57:05.119",
    "text": "used over the other. Um in short answer,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:03.360",
    "end": "01:57:07.679",
    "text": "uh what I'll say is there there's"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:05.119",
    "end": "01:57:09.040",
    "text": "counterparty risk with Ripple. Banks and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:07.679",
    "end": "01:57:10.639",
    "text": "institutions don't want to make Ripple"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:09.040",
    "end": "01:57:12.080",
    "text": "rich. They want to make themselves rich."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:10.639",
    "end": "01:57:13.199",
    "text": "They're going to issue their own stable"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:12.080",
    "end": "01:57:16.000",
    "text": "coins. They're not going to want to hold"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:13.199",
    "end": "01:57:17.760",
    "text": "Ripple stable coin. uh smaller banks and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:16.000",
    "end": "01:57:19.440",
    "text": "you know regional banks and some others"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:17.760",
    "end": "01:57:21.599",
    "text": "might be willing to you know leverage"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:19.440",
    "end": "01:57:24.239",
    "text": "Ripple's infrastructure and utilize"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:21.599",
    "end": "01:57:26.400",
    "text": "their tokens um for different"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:24.239",
    "end": "01:57:27.520",
    "text": "applications because it they don't want"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:26.400",
    "end": "01:57:28.639",
    "text": "to have to deal with the additional"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:27.520",
    "end": "01:57:29.840",
    "text": "complexity and they may not have the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:28.639",
    "end": "01:57:31.920",
    "text": "money to buy the treasuries to be able"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:29.840",
    "end": "01:57:33.840",
    "text": "to issue their own stable coins. uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:31.920",
    "end": "01:57:35.199",
    "text": "large scale institutions are absolutely"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:33.840",
    "end": "01:57:36.719",
    "text": "going to issue their own stable coins"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:35.199",
    "end": "01:57:38.239",
    "text": "and do not want to work with Ripple in"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:36.719",
    "end": "01:57:39.760",
    "text": "that capacity, but they need"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:38.239",
    "end": "01:57:41.679",
    "text": "interoperability and if somebody wants"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:39.760",
    "end": "01:57:43.920",
    "text": "Rod on the other side of the transaction"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:41.679",
    "end": "01:57:45.119",
    "text": "and JP Morgan wants to send the money,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:43.920",
    "end": "01:57:48.560",
    "text": "they need to be able to route that"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:45.119",
    "end": "01:57:52.960",
    "text": "through a DEX which is XRP."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:48.560",
    "end": "01:57:54.159",
    "text": "So, um XRP will absolutely be used. If"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:52.960",
    "end": "01:57:57.280",
    "text": "it's not, then they're just going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:54.159",
    "end": "01:57:58.960",
    "text": "have an exacerbation of the Nostrovostro"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:57.280",
    "end": "01:58:00.560",
    "text": "accounts globally. you know, instead of"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:57:58.960",
    "end": "01:58:02.080",
    "text": "$27 trillion locked up, you're going to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:00.560",
    "end": "01:58:04.320",
    "text": "have like 50 or 60 trillion dollars"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:02.080",
    "end": "01:58:08.800",
    "text": "locked up. The whole point is to unlock"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:04.320",
    "end": "01:58:10.560",
    "text": "that capital, not lock up more. So, um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:08.800",
    "end": "01:58:12.159",
    "text": "banks don't want counterparty risk, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:10.560",
    "end": "01:58:13.520",
    "text": "they also want to enrich themselves by"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:12.159",
    "end": "01:58:16.159",
    "text": "holding the treasuries and issuing their"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:13.520",
    "end": "01:58:17.599",
    "text": "own stable coins. So, no. uh unless they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:16.159",
    "end": "01:58:19.199",
    "text": "don't have the capability to do either"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:17.599",
    "end": "01:58:20.880",
    "text": "of those things or they want to work"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:19.199",
    "end": "01:58:23.440",
    "text": "with Ripple because they don't have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:20.880",
    "end": "01:58:24.960",
    "text": "either of those things um then they're"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:23.440",
    "end": "01:58:27.040",
    "text": "going to be doing it themselves and they"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:24.960",
    "end": "01:58:30.840",
    "text": "would just settle through XRP and not"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:27.040",
    "end": "01:58:30.840",
    "text": "utilize ROSD."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:31.360",
    "end": "01:58:35.040",
    "text": "All right. Uh that is going to be all I"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:33.520",
    "end": "01:58:36.239",
    "text": "have time for tonight. Again, appreciate"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:35.040",
    "end": "01:58:38.239",
    "text": "you guys taking time out of your"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:36.239",
    "end": "01:58:39.599",
    "text": "Wednesday to come hang out with me. Uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:38.239",
    "end": "01:58:41.360",
    "text": "hopefully this was valuable for you."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:39.599",
    "end": "01:58:43.119",
    "text": "Please like, sub, share, subscribe,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:41.360",
    "end": "01:58:45.520",
    "text": "subscribe to the channel. Uh again,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:43.119",
    "end": "01:58:47.280",
    "text": "trying to get over 200,000. uh here on"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:45.520",
    "end": "01:58:48.880",
    "text": "YouTube. Uh if you want to join the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:47.280",
    "end": "01:58:50.639",
    "text": "mastermind, you like this, but you want"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:48.880",
    "end": "01:58:52.080",
    "text": "more, you want more in-depth analysis,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:50.639",
    "end": "01:58:55.199",
    "text": "you want some of the behindthescenes"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:52.080",
    "end": "01:58:58.080",
    "text": "stuff, uh you know, private events, um"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:55.199",
    "end": "01:58:59.520",
    "text": "private deals, financial education, uh"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:58.080",
    "end": "01:59:01.760",
    "text": "and much much more. You can go check"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:58:59.520",
    "end": "01:59:03.040",
    "text": "that out. It is at beyondbroke.com. You"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:01.760",
    "end": "01:59:05.199",
    "text": "can use code beyond broke, all"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:03.040",
    "end": "01:59:06.400",
    "text": "capitalized number one, and then mo like"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:05.199",
    "end": "01:59:10.239",
    "text": "mayor Oscar gives you the first month"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:06.400",
    "end": "01:59:12.880",
    "text": "for two bucks there in the group. Um,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:10.239",
    "end": "01:59:14.239",
    "text": "and then if you would like the LLC to be"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:12.880",
    "end": "01:59:16.400",
    "text": "able to manage your digital assets, have"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:14.239",
    "end": "01:59:17.679",
    "text": "the anonymity, creditor protection, and"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:16.400",
    "end": "01:59:18.880",
    "text": "you want it all set up and done the"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:17.679",
    "end": "01:59:20.880",
    "text": "right way in order to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:18.880",
    "end": "01:59:22.960",
    "text": "maintain that, uh, you can work with us."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:20.880",
    "end": "01:59:24.639",
    "text": "All you got to do is download or so, not"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:22.960",
    "end": "01:59:26.800",
    "text": "download, it's a web app. Go to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:24.639",
    "end": "01:59:29.599",
    "text": "appap.digital"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:26.800",
    "end": "01:59:32.400",
    "text": "ascension.com. Uh, set up the LLC,"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:29.599",
    "end": "01:59:34.320",
    "text": "upload your LLC, uh, get a bank account"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:32.400",
    "end": "01:59:37.520",
    "text": "there through Uphold, uh, or the trading"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:34.320",
    "end": "01:59:40.400",
    "text": "functionality. uh 1% on trading fees"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:37.520",
    "end": "01:59:43.119",
    "text": "with no spread. Uh cheapest out there."
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:40.400",
    "end": "01:59:45.040",
    "text": "Um and then last but not least, if you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:43.119",
    "end": "01:59:46.960",
    "text": "have over 50,000 XRP or at least"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:45.040",
    "end": "01:59:49.199",
    "text": "$100,000 in digital assets, and you want"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:46.960",
    "end": "01:59:51.119",
    "text": "access to institutional custody, uh you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:49.199",
    "end": "01:59:52.400",
    "text": "want an advisor, you want access to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:51.119",
    "end": "01:59:53.520",
    "text": "lending, you want access to other"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:52.400",
    "end": "01:59:55.760",
    "text": "products and solutions to be able to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:53.520",
    "end": "01:59:56.480",
    "text": "generate returns on your XRP, all you"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:55.760",
    "end": "01:59:58.960",
    "text": "got to do is go to"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:56.480",
    "end": "02:00:00.639",
    "text": "digitalwealthpartners.net"
  },
  {
    "start": "01:59:58.960",
    "end": "02:00:02.320",
    "text": "and go to the contact us form, fill that"
  },
  {
    "start": "02:00:00.639",
    "end": "02:00:04.480",
    "text": "out, and one of our adviserss will reach"
  },
  {
    "start": "02:00:02.320",
    "end": "02:00:06.480",
    "text": "out. Uh again, thank you for taking time"
  },
  {
    "start": "02:00:04.480",
    "end": "02:00:08.320",
    "text": "out of your Wednesday. Uh hopefully you"
  },
  {
    "start": "02:00:06.480",
    "end": "02:00:11.360",
    "text": "guys have a wonderful week, a wonderful"
  },
  {
    "start": "02:00:08.320",
    "end": "02:00:14.239",
    "text": "weekend, and we'll see you on the next"
  },
  {
    "start": "02:00:11.360",
    "end": "02:00:14.239",
    "text": "one."
  }
],
]
